wasting money like this will make you perish .
while the wife of the Kalkiney is getting jealous of the husband every night and day , in her mind , always getting heated , imaging her husband is with other women . ( Song Siv ) .
argue in the house is like taking off your clothes to show to your neighbors , arguing in society is like showing the treasure to the thieves .
having fun with a kid will get a bad reputation , having fun with the snake will get bitten , having fun with senior people will be a curse .
falling without being pushed , getting it without trying . - Falling like there &apos;s nothing to hold on to .
Mistletoe in nature grows on trees . it mercilessly absorbs all kinds of nutrients until the trees die .
if you spoil him / her too much , he / she will keep repeating a lot of mistakes . if you are strict on him / her a little bit , he / she will learn a lot and be grateful .
beware of deceptive people , who manipulate and accuse . they put the blame on you while making themselves look good .
they think the way of medical science as a two-faced weapon that can kill people if the holder is not capable .
every appointment that has been made , should go there on time
living in this world does not seem right because of not really good at befriending others .
a forest without animals , a nation without scholars , a continent without religion , a person without children , a village without identity , blackness in the universe .
if you heard there is a wise man who has knowledge in wherever , those who study hard will travel to there .
medical science is considered a two-edged sword . it can heal people or kill people if the person who holds the weapon is incompetent .
the sculpture hit the pots in order to make it good , the teacher hit students in order to make them study , whenever this trick fail , the students will be better .
if you want gratitude , endure suffering . if you want peace , look for it . ( or if you wants things to be safe , keep it ) .
Stopping yourself from falling in love in this licentious world is like trying to tie a thread to an elephant feet , very difficult therefore need to avoid .
want to become a man in all other next life , don &apos;t take other people &apos;s wife .
proud people often show off to each other , they don &apos;t do anything else , they don &apos;t listen to anyone , and they don &apos;t want to ask for help .
Haven exists in this word and that is families with men and women .
we all have confusion , still miscalculate even with thorough contemplations .
a country &apos;s reputation is not depending on the number of murders .
pleases the king by his heart , pleases the people by their feelings .
anyone who has a mean wife or greedy mistress or poisonous snakes at home is surely going to die soon .
all the duties have to be done . no one else is looking over you , so you need to finish these work on your own .
knowledge in the books is significant for you . you should learn it because you will need it to reach your goal successfully .
the boss with the higher position the stuff also get a higher position , the boss is bad , the stuff is like fall in the well or ( stuff fall down )
the traveler is driving his cart , but have no wisdom so he cannot go far , he cannot go to any other countries , cannot drive or look afar .
doing anything , should think ahead , or else it could affect others , looking forth and back , don &apos;t just do it , only care about your happiness not others &apos; .
if you do something well , there will be someone else does it better than you . others can do things obviously better than you , but you don &apos;t want to accept that .
forest with no animals , country with no scholars , continent with no religions , wives with no children , country with no nation is like sky with no moon , the world is empty .
a minister should be thinking that the king is not his closest friend , no his blood , but the king is his master .
fortune tellers should be careful of what they say . doing good deeds without lying . Lawyer is careful to not be bias while the word checker is careful to not skip a word .
the benefits of being a generous person is that they can go to Nirvana .
usually , the crows mix with a group of wild geese . but how can their look be compared to the immaculate beauty of the wild geese ?
regular , being born is sorrow , being old is sorrow , being sick is sorrow , being dead is sorrow .
the poisonous cake is the same as the position that the bad king use it for stupid people to follow . ( Soung Shiv )
those who fluently speak in other languages , will forget their own language , forget their nation , religion and rules , like a crocodile can &apos;t find its pond .
Hungriness can lead people to robbery , too much love can lead to murder , husband and wife need to follow the law , in extreme situation , need to retaliate .
short-legged frogs or toads brag about going to the magic lake ( Srah Srong ) , a blind and handicap brags about running .
good names will be poor in this world , prosperity runs to those who have good reputation .
kind people are good friends , example like the sweet of cane , bad people is an example like the cane with no taste .
no matter how valuable of the treasures , don &apos;t give it all to the children ( all siblings or other people will taking care of it )
while the wife is always jealous of her husband every night and day , in her heart , she &apos;s frustrated and miss him but the husband always has other women with him . ( Song Siv )
a poisonous cake but looks like a heavenly cake ; Once you put into your month , it squeezes the life out of you in a ​ ​ seizure .
the steps that you are taking , it will lead to any places , it will go forward .
the elders are gone with their minds , betting with kids can only make their reputation bad .
live because of food , if you don &apos;t have knowledge , sickness will come to you , and you &apos;ll have to eat the ash .
no matter how good it tastes after being cooked , don &apos;t forget what it was like when raw ; usually cooked is after being heated , without being raw , where would the cooked one come from .
while the wife is great , being loved by you and others , you , as the husband should keep her safe and not letting her go .
Morny glass is priceless , has gold as its legs to support , that is why it looks so beautiful , but if there was no gold , what can support it .
one who is rude , reckless and too self important will see one &apos;s image reduced due to the degrading mind .
if students or children aren &apos;t afraid of teachers or parents but afraid of other parents , this is called afraid of a tiger &apos;s shit but isn &apos;t afraid of the tiger .
Bamboos relied on its thorns , scholars relied on their own knowledge , ignorant people have nothing to relied on , only argue by using their strength . ( Song Siv )
the sky won &apos;t drop rain and wind in any areas .
typically it &apos;s hard to know a girl &apos;s heart . Sensitive but easily made up . for a short tempered man , a spat is inevitable .
an ignorant person that knows they are ignorant , that person calls the scholars with praise , while ignorant people that think of themselves as scholars will always be called ignorant .
being with family , being gentle , don &apos;t curse them yet , if seeing that they &apos;re lazy and free , don &apos;t stay still and discipline them .
way to Nirvana is without any suffering and not scary .
cheap people talk arrogantly , no manner , stubborn , little knowledge , but try to show off .
have a body , do not hide , they will always see you .
he who fails his conscience has futile ideas even he is alive .
getting better as they wished but do not think that prosperity will be created by itself .
travelers know a lot of stories because of getting to see it a lot , the ideas of scholars are more and more by paying attention .
abandon the suffering , wishing for life to be easy , have to be strong , study hard , earning money , then you will not suffer anymore .
staying in a neutral country is like staying in all countries .
we , citizens , must comply with laws . we must not commit crime or do things against laws in order to satisfy another person . it is better to die within laws rather than to damage our own prestige .
a good tree has flowers with good fragant , even if just one tree can spread its fragant throughout the forest like a good child in the family will bring fame and happiness to the whole family .
we are poor , shouldn &apos;t do things in one go , or else you &apos;ll not get what you wish for , have to ask for help , in order to make you work not meaningless .
winning on other countries is always popular , winning on a filthy game is still special , winning on yourself is weird , calling winning is weird so let &apos;s play to lose .
knowledge doesn &apos;t come on its own without trying to find or wish for it . wealth won &apos;t be given easily to those who don &apos;t try or work hard .
have children but did not let them study anything , the mother is called the obstacle while the father is the biggest enemy .
military does manual work , digging the soil and grow fruit trees , building roads and a bridges , reclaiming the rice field . Cambodian soldiers have peace .
those who say that they are wise , are actually ignorant , those who stay silent days and nights , others will respect them .
those who have vast knowledge , even though they may have come from a lowly family , will still be viewed by others as nice and they will receive blessings from angels .
not doing good deeds but want good things to happen , not having wisdom but want to be king , not having money but want to be rich .
there are a lot of ungrateful people , a lot of knowledge but no one want to befriend to put in a good place .
good speech , good action , right thinking are referred to the path to life peace , and the path to always do good deeds .
bird depends on the sky , fish depends on the water .
those who work too fast , always do it repeatedly many times because of at first doing it wrong , then doing it again and finally doing it too many times , make it slow .
if one does wrong , they should tell relatives instead of hiding it so that they become good in the future .
no matter how angry you are , control yourself less it will cause regrets . anger leads to wrongdoing .
alcohols and gambling should be let go , and the desires for women should also be let go .
if the parents are useless , the kid will also lack two ways , both actions and manners
Mastering magical arts but does not put it to good use is like putting a useless load on the brain . gold and diamond adorn by an unbecoming woman is nothing but dead weight ( Nhuong Seurng ) .
eat &#91; your &#93; rice from a bowl , drink your water from coconut shell . don &apos;t laugh , it &apos;ll be your turn soon .
the parents and the child are like a body and its shadow , seeing that they &apos;re wrong , don &apos;t ask about it , do not punish the parents .
staying in the neutral country is like staying in all the countries .
a scented flower already has its fragrance . no need to spray perfume on it . Likewise , young people who are fully knowledgeable don &apos;t need any admonition .
not wishing will make your live easier , have to be strong , study hard and find money , then you won &apos;t be suffering anymore .
the old saying was that people with squinted eyes are dishonest , untrustworthy , not to be acquainted with .
Ducks never get up high , wild animals never go to the village , the scholars never have to care about suffering , birds never leave the lake .
poor people want to eat like rich people , weak people want to be strong , people without knowledge want to talk , all these three kinds of people are counted as crazy .
warm words bring friendship , cold words break friendship , warm and cold , like the moon and the sun , all wise men should be aware .
if you have made mistake , must tell relatives and friends which make that mistakes gone and you will be good in the future .
any friend who stop the bad action , be mindful , never leave a friend , that is a best friend .
you and others always have karma in the body , never get away so don &apos;t argue with your own karma .
if you tripped , you can get up , but if you accidentally said something , you will need to pay ( enough to stand ) .
satisfy the greedy with precious items ; satisfy the high status with good manners ; satisfy the stupid with their desired actions ; satisfy the philosopher with intelligent words .
stable at the top , but unstable at the bottom . - swallowed and it will choke .
any person who have knowledge and proclaimed themselves so , and spread the knowledge like a light shining to all areas . this type of person can be called a genius and can be considered as the top man .
a good person is pure and honest . Observing the Buddhist rules is a good practice . having excellent conduct is rarely seen in the world .
having enough wealth is not equal to having knowledge , remember all things , thief can &apos;t even steal it .
those who call themselves scholars are the ignorant , those who stay quiet days and nights are being respected by others .
Indeed , the ants are small , but through collaboration , managed to kill a large caterpillar - a great example to follow .
learn to eat just enough , not too full , don &apos;t eat like ghosts , eating too much will only bring many side effects , eating more than enough will interrupt your work .
these kind of women are to be scare of , everyday always being jealous .
a doctor can &apos;t cure people with bad behaviors .
the desire of a greedy person is too big , never enough , even if they have some wealth left , they still think that they are poor .
look at the grass when farming ; look at manners when raising children ; look at the neighborhood when building a house ; look at the food when eating .
sleep at night don &apos;t sleep too long like dead , wear all the clothes don &apos;t be nude .
those who know a lot , will get better , those who are without knowledge , will bring ruin to themselves .
when the sin does not produce consequences , evil people think the sin is as sweet as honey .
learn it clearly , don &apos;t be careless , knowing inside and out , the ignorant will be scare of you , a person with knowledge has the power , want to defeat an aggressive person , don &apos;t reply with aggressive words .
rarely go to war will give your country a popular reputation , letting the women win will bring peace , have to be hard working .
get to know human nature through friendship . know the geographic area through visit . know good or bad persons through their words . know yourself through education .
taking chance to steal the money of the one who gives them benefits by using their filthy tricks , this is called throwing their own rice pot away .
don &apos;t be too happy , angry , hating , loving , scared or nervous .
a proverb is like ceramic horn when people is not honesty and cheated , they are not following the bibles and the buddha doesn &apos;t help them anymore .
you can win over high class people by being lower class ; you can win over poor people by giving them things ; you can win over a brave man by getting rid of his supporters ; and you can win a person like you by working hard .
those who look down on people never have peace , always suffering , in this world , almost suffer every time .
Sow seed and reap rice , if you press sugarcane to get the sweet juice , those who helped you want to also receive the benefit , they didn &apos;t help you for nothing .
the bow is being shot , dharma is being memorized , women care about their faces , the music is being played , lost to the rules , going into sorrow state .
looking for fame is looking for fortune , a hungry person always live by the food , it &apos;s the faith of a commoner .
Jails and keys are created by thieves , good medicine is created by the disease , waking up is created by sleepiness , every human in the world is created by karma .
don &apos;t stop because of a loss trade ; if you want to be rich , don &apos;t be afraid of loss ; if you don &apos;t want to lose things , be careful and take care of your things .
the stalk of water lily can be muddy brown in color , it comes white once its layer is peeled ; the palm fruit &apos;s color is gloomy brown , or its inside has sweet delicious juice .
in war , the king wants brave people , in sickness , the king wants doctors , in hunger , the king wants
being a friend with bad people is wasting time , wise man who uses the right route will get the advantages
cats with bobbed tail or cat people with bobbed tail or ( damaged or used to be cunning like bobbed tail cats ) .
men are great because of their knowledge , women are great because of their husbands , animals are great because of the birds , Preah Mony is great because of his thin body .
any poisonous snake can be controlled , the doctor can use medicines to calm it down . if human is poisonous , nothing can calm it down .
the small depends on the big and vice versa , that way peace ensues . you don &apos;t get peace if you survive by yourself
strong people are kept as fence , aggressive people are kept as the backbones , tricksters are kept as thickness , polite people are kept as barrier .
should giving advice to each other and should prevent each other beforehand from doing anything wrong or bad .
silence a savage by killing him , tame a close friend with silence , tame a woman by not doing anything , avoid disease by reducing food .
even though the packing food with leaves smell good like a person walking his / her path with knowledge .
those with big titles talk a lot , always dreaming of getting bigger titles , the works aren &apos;t even great , they will be perish sooner or later .
the King should be aware of his Royal Properties to be lost or regained with and without interests , however ; it should be replenished or reduced by any acts .
Gamblers are those who waste like that . their acts cause destruction .
when your work is alike a mountain , you have to work hard , do not be careless and throw away the benefits .
those with a small figure are dumb , always arrogant , want reputation bigger than their size , will be in vain .
those who work too fast might need a lot of replacement or work redone because doing too fast causes a lot of mistake that needs to be corrected later . when too many mistakes occur , it slows down you work instead .
those who do a good deed , with being careful in everything , that person is the enemy of those who do a bad deed .
if we want people to be happy and good , how can others call us bad people .
those who talk but not doing it , lost all the benefits , wasting times , having the bad reputation for nothing .
Foxes should not imitate lions , small birds should not imitate big birds , the ignorant should not imitate scholars , Baku should not imitate horses .
Elephants with four legs will one day trip , scholars who know everything will one day forget or ( Wrong ) .
watermelon will have its core , everyone will have feelings .
have money is not equal to having the knowledge , have sickness is not equal to being dead , love anything but not more than the body , power of Karma is more than anything .
a wise man falls into the well , stupid people go to heaven or ( stupid guy go to heaven ) .
seeing is beliving ; if you want to know how fast the horse can run , you need to ride it ; if you want to know how strong the cow is , you need to use it to drag the cart ; if you want to get milk , you need to milk the cow ; and if you want to know how clever a person is , you need to talk to him .
the rich help the poor , like a cloth wrap from the outside , the smart help the stupid , like a ship rely on its wood .
Socialising with criminal is like sewerage water . stinks so bad that you need a leaf to cover your nose . people won ’ t go near for the fear of the smell will wash over them .
you must accept you will age , ail and die .
the hammer can be used because of the handle , people get the high position because of high position people , like the diamond covered by gold which makes it a diamond .
a stew without ingredients has no taste ; physical adornment has no value when you have no wealth ; a stew without salt is bland ; a prophecy is useless for a fool .
the mind do not be excited , do not hate , do not love , do not fear , do not be afraid
if there are problems or conflicts that involve different opinions , do not let the ignorant make a trial .
we are Khmer , we are great , we can ask and answer by ourselves because we know about being great , powerful or poor , we know it all .
women &apos;s bodies are objects , the knowledge of men are wealth , the dharma knowledge of the monks is the strength of the king .
normally , they &apos;re not siblings , won &apos;t be together for long , if there were to be some problems , they will stop loving one another .
having wealth means your wife won &apos;t be poor ; Having a chalk means you won &apos;t be short of blackboards ; having knowledge means you won &apos;t be short of possessions .
wealth of the generous people , even if it &apos;s a bit , it gives the benefits to every other people just like water in a well , anyone can use it .
the greedy &apos;s mind is like a big rock , a never satisfied river , no matter how much wealth remained , they will eventually face poverty .
befriended each other when they were poor , good skin color in Kaderk month or ( Befriended each other when they were suffering , good skin color in Kaderk month ) .
learn one or two things , no matter but please be fluent with it , that is how you can live your life , others are even asking for your help or ( Others come to ask for help ... ) .
the Snakebird should follow my teachings . do not follow the local pigs that are confined in a cage . they do not know they will die until the time of slaughter .
heard a sound don &apos;t freak out , not all sound are guns , must check first and think about it .
deep water always has water falls , there &apos;s a snake hiding and waiting to bite , the frog is playing with the water , the snakebite it quietly and not letting go .
girl that is black as a coal , know to how decorate food on the tray . ( Eng Phorin )
if you &apos;re stupid , don &apos;t be too stupid , if you &apos;re hesitant , don &apos;t be too hesitant , if you &apos;re thirsty , don &apos;t be too thirsty that you dare to drink alcohol , if you &apos;re trying , don &apos;t try too hard that it becomes anxiety .
measure the length of water lily to know the dept of the lake ; measure their manners to measure a family .
good deeds make your heart great , tree &apos;s shade is supposed to be cold but if the bad doers are under it , it &apos;ll be hot , people should do anything to not let bad deeds come in their mind .
lion wished for food , slept on the group with its mouth opened and waiting for the animals to walked in but doing like this , every year it won &apos;t have anything to eat .
can support each other to be better in this world .
faults are always be blamed on the one who do it , if you &apos;re not doing it then what fault can you have .
people are player three types of games , girls game , alcohols game , betting game .
no matter how fast you are , it won &apos;t be equal to your thoughts , no matter how fatal the venom is , it won &apos;t equal to being stupid , meeting anything that &apos;s great , it won &apos;t equal to Buddhism , no flavors are as good as the taste of dharma .
the moon is a decoration to the stars ; husband is a decoration to the wife ; king is a decoration to the land ; knowledge is a decoration of all people .
people who look down on any time , they called it without religion , looking down is with those , those are having a contract with the ripper .
people who work quickly on their own or order other to do make themselves angry later due to that quick work .
if you say you &apos;ll work today , and delay to the next day , then you won &apos;t be given another opportunity . if you allow it , that work becomes a widow .
having agreement as a group , then you won &apos;t have to worry about having conflict , if their opinions are different , then no matter how much they argue , it &apos;s useless .
disease needs medicine to cure , sickness in mind needs dharma to cure , when everything &apos;s not working out , need to endure it , but being ignorant has no medicine .
work gives you money , work gives you promotion , work gives you prestige , work gives you treasure , education improves from working .
even if you are good looking , if you are a fool you are still nothing .
a deaf person wants want to listen to songs . he tries to tune his ears . Meanwhile , a small-handed and short person tries to reach the stars .
people like this is so evil , no shame . even with so much wealth , they are not rich , shame to their grand children who are born innocent but are cursed by neighbours for living on bribery .
Anechektuk symbol , a person that does good deeds will always have benefits , which can take him or her to Nirvana .
please do good deeds , everyday and night , please be happy , thinking only about dharma .
so , don &apos;t softly care for bodies of children and students in general too much rather than their mortification .
if you have a good job with high position , be sure to be honest to the queen . if you want to keep your money and valuable items for a long time , don &apos;t spend too much .
faults are always on the doers , those who don &apos;t do anything , how can they be at fault .
anyone who commits offenses will be punished . don ’ t pardon them anymore .
people with knowledge , other people should praise them , while people without knowledge shouldn &apos;t be blamed but are being sympathized on .
it &apos;s wise to follow the wise man , but it &apos;s stupid to follow the ignorant man .
desires but no actions ; how can those be achieved if you rely on luck ; you will see little results .
leave the path of deceit , keep doing good deeds every day and you will have the chance to reach nirvana .
if you &apos;re going to talk , don &apos;t make a fool of yourself . if you watch , don &apos;t watch till you die . if make a mistake , don &apos;t make it into a habit . don &apos;t be stuck if no one tied you .
if you remember the lesson , remember it thoroughly , don &apos;t mix it with your own words ( combine with your own words ) .
destroy enemy by enemy , give money to them like the thorn on the foot , must use the thorn to remove it .
being understanding towards a loved one can cause one to depart from the law . when one knows the job well one may disregard some rules . a four legged elephant can still trip . so too , the wise can sometimes forget .
people who boast of their money and diamond are like bees flying across the Someru Mountain .
you can see the condition of their heart , whether good or bad , their feelings and what is going on , by looking into their eyes .
sleeping until sunrise will bring ruin to you . - Sleeping until sunrise means that you &apos;re lazy .
no matter how much wealth you have , it will bring prosperity to others , just like sea that is salty , people cannot drink from it .
if you have money you should lend money to those in need , your knowledge in seen in the way you portray it . if your wife is far away from you , you may feel guilty for asking her to do something for you .
in a meeting , should always be calm , this is done by scholars .
this is always happening in the world of lust , making it clear , always suffering then it will be ended , when you go to Nirvana. while Bajavakanak of .
if it seems hopeless , don &apos;t do it , if you cannot dive deeper , don &apos;t think about it , it &apos;ll make you worry .
the philosopher travels to his desires ; inspects and then look for a new place .
know your body well and exhale ; know your body well and inhale ,
if you want to measure the depth of the water , you should pull out a plant from the water and measure it . if you want to know someone &apos;s family , check their behaviors .
good deed is a good thing , will not be perish , while wealth will scatter , not having it for long only for one life time .
if we did not do anything to anger them , they won &apos;t say that we &apos;re bad , but if we lie , how can they not saying that we &apos;re bad .
be vigilant - when planting rice don &apos;t neglect a other kinds of farming . keep all the tools and utensils in a safe place so as not to lose any .
the king is the main reason of the chaos in every state of war in the world .
the family has happiness because of the wife . the wife knows how to take care of the husband and keeps the house clean to make the husband happy and know how to use sweet words .
the low-class people with stupidity , show off with brainless to get high position and wasting energy which is so disturbing .
good and bad deed , life are creating by the action , born as the blind , disabilities , sick as normal is the life-creating by good and bad deed .
working gives you money , working gives you rank , working gives you reputation , working gives you properties , having knowledge is the best thing because it &apos;ll get you works .
know how to make conversation with guests is a rare knowledge , need to use one hundred tricks to keep guests always happy . ( Chuk - Ming - Mao )
a black woman who is ugly but has a good personality is better than a woman who is beautiful and hungers for lust .
Preparing yourself , not building your country but controlling your own mind , do not be careless or else you &apos;ll fall in their tricks .
the taste of sugarcane will continue even when it is squeezed . do not give up its sweetness . the scholar may have physical sufferings , but he is not tired of sharing his knowledge .
a good friend came back when there was a riddle to solve , almost wished for a scholar to help solve it .
these children do not have knowledge or following the rules , they are like dying in vain , like eyes that are blind , bringing only sickness .
those who travel a lot , know a lot of things because they get to see a lot , a scholar knowledge will be wider by learning more and be attentive .
to measure the water , observe it ; to take out the waterlily , measure it ; to know the evil person , observe the behavior .
those who sleep and think the night is long , those who walk and think it is far , those who don &apos;t know Dharma , life is far form nirvana .
real knowledge keeps the wealth together ; the king was angered due to cunning and looking manners .
life is fast , it always going forward , not backward , why are we still not missing each other , or think about doing anything good .
hating someone should come with a real reason for you should have to find out their faults . if no fault was found , hatred should never be made .
heard any sound , don &apos;t be afraid , not all are gun sound , must check properly first .
do not let your mind be excited with the flavor , do not get angry with the flavor - because flavor is not yours .
if you are kind and do good deeds , you should keep doing it . if you are clear that you are making mistake , you should not do it .
when you &apos;re sixteen years old , you should remember the words are your friend .
an outsider thief dares to enter the town because of the town . an outside ghost suppresses an inside ghost . a foreign country would not dare to make war if it were not for the betrayal of those within the country .
good or bad work depends on those who do it .
people who love being selfish , not doing generous things , happy with their selfishness , these people will end up in ruin ( Bora Phorsoth ) .
argue with the ignorant is hard , they won &apos;t listen or thinking if they were wrong or right , they won &apos;t listen to anything .
to please a teacher is to avoid trouble ; to please well is to please without doubt ; a few mistakes will be forgiven ; rewards will be granted .
look here , look there , look everywhere , do not miss a spot . when stepping out into the world , look at yourself . do not swing your arms further than your body .
feeding the people , should look at their hearts , feeding the animals , should look at their fangs .
women who wishes for a great husband in every life times should respect their current husband .
the taste of sugar cane is so sweet . their nodes are in order . they are sweet from the top until the bottom . people in the world want to eat it .
don &apos;t rely on those who have knowledge , instead rely on those who have the same goals are you even though they don &apos;t have much knowledge .
the advisers should check things accurately if they just going to say things carelessly , will cause problems with others .
those who are hard working , not turning back , study hard , trying to find money , they will be wealthy .
all gone with both the flute and the drum . the old &apos;s gone , the young comes . become older than the age .
wanting others to praise your power , for them to be afraid of you , saying that you &apos;re brave , but your actual value is not like that , that will only bring ruin to yourself .
should be thinking that life is not definite , always finding its way to death , could be when you &apos;re finally happy , but then the death comes .
catching it tightly , trying to change yourself in order to accomplish something , building the nation , knowing all works .
those who listen to the proverbs , those people are in the group of wise men which the name will be heard to far away as a wise man with knowledge .
Ducks never get high , wild animals never go to the village , scholars never care about suffering , the birds never leave its lake .
like an angel that is pure in the Trai Trerngsa temple .
everyone wants victory . if they win as they had wished , then they will enjoy much peace and happiness . that is why everyone wants to win .
old proverbs are from the past , not seeing your own fault , see other people &apos;s mistakes as big as the mountain .
deep water , deep soil , no matter how deep there &apos;s always an end , and deep thinking , no matter how deep it is , it &apos;s unlimited .
if you talk too much without first being spoken to and talk too loudly , non stop in a group of people , they will begin to avoid talking with you .
a People with lacked spirits , their ideas will die even if they are alive , that still counted as dead . - a strain a hair sliced into ten .
people without good character , truth , righteousness , or mercy , tend to be lonely and tumble into the pit without anyone taking pity on them .
a lion rather dies than eats grass , A Seyhao rather dies then to eat the elephant flesh .
a real intimate relation in private , such person is called true friendship . a woman free of sorrow , such a woman is a real wife .
Traijey is better than any clothes , no scholars can change it .
pretending to be mentally ill to complete work , pretending to be a Phomarea to taste , always work hard and not backing down , be observant and you will see the trick .
if you have a lot of money you will have many friends and family who will have a high view of you and see you as a scholar .
any person who has an aggressive wife , or aggressive maid or house with snakes , that person nearly dies .
old people should not eat salt more than children eat rice , they will still know what &apos;s bad or good more than children .
ancient Khmer sayings have been edited by wise men to encourage in-depth analysis : throwing away the meat to keep the bone ; too much criticism is being expressed while the real offence of pretension is being ignored .
winner responses to anger by not being angry , a kind person wins over an ungenerous by sharing the wealth , win over a futile person by being truthful .
to make a greedy person happy is to get them things , to make a higher rank person happy is to greet them , to make a bossy person happy is to do as they say , to make a scholar happy is to tell them the truth .
the nature of steps when walking is to go everywhere , always going forwards as you like , so that it helps propel you anyway you want .
those who born in a poor family but having big dreams , to become king and be wealthy , they will only bring ruin .
a wise man who becomes a bad man must be destroyed , wise man who destroys bad man must be collected to one place , wise man and bad man can &apos;t befriend , can &apos;t connect to each other .
the real friends are those stop you from doing bad thing and correct you wrong course and your way of speaking and never leave you during difficult times .
do not do a bad deed by befriending a person that secretly stealing your money , having prostitutes , betraying his wife , making others angry .
all five Khan are heavy , children and wife also have five Khan , people are suffering because of those five Khan , because those five Khan control and control again .
doing every work is the luck of people , but not the luck that you use to penetrate the sky or land .
if hear there is a wise man who knows in knowledge at somewhere , those who study hard will go to that place .
learn to draw prediction numbers if want to be a fortune teller ; learn to listen more if want to be knowledgeable . ( Promditek )
don &apos;t talk loud in public , should remind yourself of talking quietly .
think carefully , don &apos;t rush , think first then go there in case people will be blamed . or ( think first before going there )
arguing within the family is like stripping yourself naked in front of others , arguing within the society is like showing your treasures to thieves .
cut off those who doesn &apos;t work hard , quick to anger because those kind only drag you down .
wealth is good , but it cannot be compared with knowledge . no thief can steal the knowledge that is in your head .
put the bag close to the sun , put the stomach close to the fire. get close to the owner by being in the middle , get close to peace without being arrogant .
when the country is in war , do not try to earn money or protecting your wealth .
those who look down on others often will face struggles , both in this world and in eternity .
try to work hard , it will never become a waste , at least get the money to live by yourself . if there is luck from the past , will become the millionaire .
should be teaching each other and preventing each other before doing bad deeds or filthy things .
learn to forgive , learn magic , learn to not look down on others , should be trying to find wealth , someone said .
a good wife never gets jealous , even if her husband has other women , she still stays loyal .
you can make a prostitute your wife but do not make your wife becomes a prostitute or ( Don &apos;t make your wife a prostitute ) .
work hard to gain knowledge ; dress nicely to gain good business ; think before action ; learn to be a teacher so people will like you .
young men are strong , convenient during their youth . if a widow is suffering , these men can accepted as wife .
have to remember the old stories , have to try your best to retell the stories to people , have to show mercy .
Dharma that people learned , is like the highest cloud , if anyone learned a lot , they are like they &apos;re on higher cloud .
an asset is safe when the woman is mindful , a comfortable house is because of a sane wife .
if you think , don &apos;t rush . think enough before you take action . think clear before you do something .
doing boat business depends on a sail ; crabs entangle grass . businessmen depend on their employees ; the arrangement of a plan for their children depends on their wives .
trying to burn sins down and doing good deeds , the relevant truth of Dhamma will be found . a place of perfect peace and happiness ( Nirvana ) including four noble truths should be made in the body .
if you want to be a fortune teller , You have to learn how to predict . if you want to be educated , you have to listen and learn .
any wealth is not equal to the good quality that is very hard to find , more expensive than anything , should be looking , should be doing good deeds .
everything is useless just like cats in a bag .
taking a bit from yourself and a bit from others will help to perfect the quality of work according to your desire .
the rich try to stay away from becoming poor like a dress staying its original look . the educators try to stay away from being uneducated like the boat depending on a bargain .
a person who knows how to keep his outside body clean will also have a clean heart as well .
using a servant , look at his or her heart , don &apos;t be merciless , hard working servant will be rewarded .
being in a state without justice is more frightful than being in tiger ’ s forest .
cannot discipline the children , is called not having prosperity in the family , just like a bird is being caged and left in the middle of big birds .
today is a scholar , tomorrow becomes an ignorant person , today is prosperity , tomorrow becomes perish .
praising words , cursing words of humans , those should not be taken seriously but if they are words for the angels , then they are true words .
ungrateful people have a bad reputation even from a good family with a high position .
if wanting to wish for anything , don &apos;t rely on scholars , should rely on the people that has that same wish , even if they don &apos;t have knowledge .
today is yours , tomorrow is theirs , today cursed , tomorrow cured .
if you want to build up wealth , don &apos;t have a habit of trickery , the angels will cut all resources .
people playing games in three ways , the game of women , the game of alcohols , the game of betting .
if we stay still and don &apos;t panic , how can people say you are terrible
a big bird is in a flock of crows , a lion is in a group of cows , Acheanet is in a group of donkeys , a scholar is in a group of ignorant people .
trees that depend on the soil and good fertilize are always having great fruits and flowers , people who depend on good deeds are always having good things happen to them .
Clearful mind with good deeds will bring you good things all the time because of the good things you &apos;ve done from last life .
traders on sea rely on boats ; traders on land rely on trailers ; luck rely on knowledge ; philosophers rely on books .
don &apos;t be greed above your limit ; if you can &apos;t dive deep , don &apos;t think about it just to worry .
if parents are knowledgeable , their child will be full of righteousness and the actions and speech will reflect the characteristics of a scholar so it will be nice to have this one as a friend .
the knife work because of the handle , the child is wrong because of the father , the money is not wasting because of girl keeping it , can get to sleep because of sleep early .
they don &apos;t intend to be friends . they don &apos;t think you &apos;re honest .
fruits are fewer than leaves . the water is muddy where there are many fish . ( or no matter how much fruits a tree produces , they are still fewer than leaves ) .
an old man gets a young woman with breasts as big as fruits , so in love with her , doing anything to please her .
women have beauty as wealth , men have knowledge as wealth , monks have morality as wealth , king has soldiers as wealth .
if desired for happiness , it should be done so with the use of the knowledge , so that happiness can prevail .
scholar relies on knowledge , rhino relies on its horn , tiger relies on the forest , elephant relies on its weight , fish relies on water , soldier relies on war , drunken relies on alcohols .
if you have money , lend it to others , knowledge is being gained rules , your wife is far away from you , you have to be strong .
an ant is small but its unity can kill a butterfly which is much bigger than them , everyone should do like them .
if it is an animal , the name of the animal is given , what if you just make a guess without seeing it , why you are sure it is a real animal . dare to respond and win argument .
getting better like you wished , do not think that prosperity will be created by itself .
a king with fortunes and luck is a good ornaments of the world ; good knowledge and skills are good ornaments of every men and women .
boss has good deeds , subordinates also have status ; boss with bad manners , subordinates also fall into a ditch or ( subordinates fall one by one collectively ) .
people who are silent , sitting quietly , talking using sweet words are always tricky .
take reed as an example ; no matter how strong the wind blows , it won &apos;t fall while hardwood trees will be uprooted in a windstorm .
we can &apos;t foresee our future , that &apos;s why the old always said don &apos;t try to predict your wellbeing because life is always unpredictable .
those who are dumb to find only properties of all living things see only very short ways for it is aleatory rather than being tangible that they , sometimes , will make faults .
the sword is sharp in its sheath , the knowledge is in its rules , the wife that you love is far away from you , you need to be strong .
if skillful , don &apos;t often hesitate . if making an incision , don &apos;t drill to get damaged . if learning so , don &apos;t need to be helped . if giving helping hands , don &apos;t probe to be completely taken over or to be overpowered .
stupid people only see things as they are , not checking , considering , or finding the truth , only blindly believe it , illogical .
please do the good deed as normal for every night , please feel happy to think about the Buddha Dharma Sangha .
stupid people should learn from smart people , want knowledge , you should listen and think , want to go to Nirvana , you have to control your feeling , if in the dark , you should find light .
a generous person will never go hungry no matter where they may be , because of the good deeds raised in their previous life .
if talking from the mouth , don &apos;t think that it won &apos;t go into other people &apos;s ear .
for serving the parents , a visiting child mostly pleases them well while the child who lives nearest and serves the most can &apos;t get things right for them .
the wealth that a husband has , is maintained by his wife . a man is the head of his wife ; a woman is like the thread that binds .
human and the money , giant and the meat , dog and its poop , men and women .
no matter how much you have eaten it , you still want more , this wanting is the desire to see beautiful bodies which will never ends .
ones who have a misguided concentration , dead ideas , even when alive
donate with blessing mind , don &apos;t regret with the money , that money will bring you to heaven no matter what .
Endurance , easily be taught , meeting good people , asking about dharma , these four things are prosperity .
a person with patience will be well taught , meet good people , ask for kindness all the time . these are good virtues .
a fast boat can still sink , a strong diamond can still be broken .
they do not want to befriend you , they do not think that you are innocent and pure .
having agreements all the time , then that old cottage is like a temple .
a ladle usually does not know the taste of soup . a butterfly does not know the fragrance of flower . ignorant people do not know the content of dharma . evil people do not know karma .
defeat aggressive people by not replying with aggressive words , defeat the selfish people by being generous , defeat the stingy people by giving money , defeat a childish man by using truthful words .
the ship relies on the wind ; the narrator relies on his voice , the great lion relies on the jungle , horned animal relies on its horns .
win the powerful by being modest . win the hero by breaking through . win the weak by giving food . win the equal people by being diligent .
slip of tongue can &apos;t keep the money ; slip of foot , the foot breaks but there are treatment ; slip of work will eventually have another idea ; slip of mind will eventually learn .
be brave to fight for your country . be patient and let the girls win to stay peace . be hardworking to be rich .
always be calm in a meeting ; this is what a smart person would do .
keep doing as your heart desires , and don &apos;t think the work finished is good and pure .
people who are under the sky suffer because they believe in Robkakneak , they don &apos;t want to believe in Kan .
anyone packs Krishna with natural leaves or paper , he will produce the smell of Krishna which will widely spread . the fragrance will alert the person who packs it .
the weather is the strength of the birds , water is the strength of fish , facets , the king is the strength of depressed people , the crying is the strength of kids .
doing good deeds will give you a lot of benefits , it &apos;s the thing that can take you to Nirvana .
finish what you talk , don &apos;t look down and think too far , think about different ways .
while alcohol and women and games should not be doing because those things will bring anxiety , suffering in this world .
if you want to be prosperous , you have to use your knowledge in order to have peace .
the watermelon fruit will have a core , all of the people will have feelings .
if you have the bravery , you must also have humility , don &apos;t be rude and arrogance , don &apos;t try to jump and wrong the laws .
being careless always causes you to lost things , being careful always cause those things to stay , thinking of every way , rather endure the tiredness than being poor .
knowledge does not come by without much seeking ; Likewise , wealth does not come to those who shows no effort .
those who has pure mind , that person will be better than scholars , better than scholars that rely on their knowledge and mostly will backfires .
having a good hearted makes you poor , look at the advice that has been warned , the wrongs become rights , while some needs to be erased .
weather is the strength of the birds , water is the strength of fish , faucets , king is the strength of sad people , crying is the strength of kids .
the leaves don &apos;t move even though the wind blows , the clear water became impure from blowing waves .
coming out alone is not enough ; Include others so that everything us good . things will go smoothly .
visiting other people &apos;s houses , no matter how near or far , if they invite you to eat , you should resist , their rice is limited , only enough for their children .
today , a scholar , tomorrow , an ignorant person , today , getting better , tomorrow , perish .
a man who understands the benefits , that man will be welcome by relatives , the man who feeds the rice , that man is called father .
a fast boat does not mean it won &apos;t sink , a hard diamond does not mean it won &apos;t crack .
ignorant people who are happy now will suffer in the future , while generous people who suffer now will go to Haven in the future .
a proverb is like a buffalo with a twisted horns , it is an unfaithful person with a twisted mind , who do not follow the words of Buddha . he said to leave and do not get close to that person .
can &apos;t see our future yet so wise man don &apos;t say or guess it to be good or sad as life is changing .
must know yourself that you will get old , sick and die .
Teenagers study hard , adults works hard for money , the next stage of life ( older adult ) tries to find bible , and the last stage of life ( elderly ) doesn &apos;t have to do anything much .
the mouth is denying it but always taking it or ( the mouth is denying while the eyes are telling the story ) .
round is because of round-cut , straight is because of ruler , behavior is because of the dressing and honesty is because of morality .
generosity is known by one &apos;s face . being too frivolous is undesirable . being stingy is also counterproductive .
with one wife , a man is physically and mentally comfortable ; with two wives he is not comfortable ; with three wives he will be like in volcano ; four wives are eternal fires .
Died in war is good , holding the weapon and not afraid of the enemy . ( Jum Muong )
a young man with energy , being good in their age , should take a widow to be a wife as well or ( stay still ) .
just like ants and sugar . - just like laying on your back and spit on yourself .
the lower rely on the higher , the higher should rely on the lower in order to have peace , being alone won &apos;t bring you peace like you thought .
it &apos;s enough and yet you still want more , not taking your body from your mind , forcing yourself into wanting lust by destiny .
the sculptor hits his own sculpture to make it good , the teacher hits his students to make them study , wishing that it &apos;ll make his students better .
we are people , we should forgive each other , be united , combine our ideas , thinking about ways to make our world better .
a fool encounters a crisis , while the angels wait to condemn . but the wise and generous people who holds to the Word will get help from the angels when they &apos;re in trouble .
a soldier who was born as Khmer , powerful nation in Asia , must be together as an ancestor of building Angkor . ( Soung Siv )
Buddha &apos;s words are very special , deep in meaning and are the top of the world without any comparison .
wealthy people that won &apos;t look after their parents will suffer . ( Borapheasoth )
every man and woman that want to live their lives , should believe in the bible , not in some foul magic .
any diseases are not equal to hunger , any good doings are not equal to telling stories of dharma , having anything is not equal to having knowledge , no matter how transparent , it won &apos;t equal to being goodhearted .
Tilted road , do no abandon it , straight road , do not walk on it , walk with its ways , listen to the elders .
like a scholar that knows it all , while the crow is like a stupid person .
make make a prostitute become your wife , but don &apos;t make your wife becomes a prostitute or ( Don &apos;t make your wife becomes a prostitute ) .
this kind of wealth is cheap , do not help only your child ( Not only your relatives , other people ) .
a person with low moral values is like an animal in bondage .
a person that being forgets others kindness , are taken as a person with bad reputation , even if that person is from a high family line , their reputation will still be bad .
if there &apos;s a close relationship with an individual , that individual is called an intimate friend . if there &apos;s tranquillity with a woman , that woman is truly a wife .
destiny will open the door for those who are brave ; those who are cowardice often fall into poverty .
if there &apos;s no justice in the nation , it &apos;s scarier than in the forest .
Socialising with degenerates is like stinking water , stinks so much that you need to cover your nose with a leaf . people shouldn &apos;t socialise with these for their smell might wash over you .
teachers know how to give advice to stupid people to throw away their bad doings , these kind of teachers should be respected .
don &apos;t wear dirty , smelly clothes in the crowd ; this is the rule of thumb for cleanliness .
it &apos;s taking quite awhile to get to see the doctor because I am feeling very sick . when I get there , I get only a few medicines but my illness is eventually gone .
a woman &apos;s emotion is a mystery , easily getting angry but also easily being calm , if there was a hot headed man there , they will get into an argument .
an old man gets a virgin woman with big breasts , almost being controlled by her power .
Wearing a monk &apos;s garment without shaving the head &#91; monks must shave their heads &#93; ; looking into the mirror with closed eyes ; seeing a horse , believing it is a donkey ; seeing an ox , believing it is a mouse .
being careless will cause you to lose things , being careful will cause those things to stay , we have to be supported by wisdom and hard working , do not forget that .
a planet is a nation , religion , developed and formidable by those who are brave and can sacrifice their life without the fear of death .
the ocean has low and high tides , fruits can ripe early as the moon can sometimes be dull and sometimes be bright , these are caused by nature .
working hard to plough the rice field in the hot and raining season ( Ploughing a rice field has dams while the farm has fence . )
knowing but not really knowing because there are unlimited amount of everything else and calculations ; don &apos;t brag that you have learned everything .
to win the noble ones , you must stay low . to conquer the weak ones , you must be generous . to win over the brave ones , you must break their unity . to win over those with similar strengths , you must be patient .
any student who studies that don &apos;t remember well and don &apos;t ask any question is like a mute who understand speech and everything else , but you can &apos;t express yourself .
no matter how much knowledge you have , you won &apos;t have a good reputation as others .
if it is not ripe , do not pick it . it is not naturally sweet . if you are not educated , do not take the roles of parenthood . everything is destroyed because of low level of knowledge .
should look at the people &apos;s mind if you are feeding them , should look at the animals &apos; fangs if you are feeding them .
those who try to work too fast with no care or order others to do the work will not be satisfied and always be angry because it can &apos;t be fast enough for them .
if you don &apos;t look after your things you &apos;ll lose them ; if you take care of your things , you &apos;ll keep them . remember , be industrious , take care not to forget .
a black woman is ugly but her personality is great , better than a beautiful woman that always hungers for lust .
a friend that covers your good action and hide it as a secret won &apos;t be welcome like putting honey into a pot of poison .
there was an observation on the behaviour of cranes which stand on one leg on the ground for fear of the earth collapsing , but they never fear that they would break the tree branches that they were on .
one should think from afar to measure the crisis , so when the crisis hits , he can be calm and not be affected .
a nasty person can pretend to be silent and polite . but an arrogant person shows no humility , uses impolite words , inciting hatred . ( Jom Muong ) .
should think that life is not stable , always on the way to death , could be changed to death away from children .
cannot see our own &apos;s fault , but we see others &apos; small faults as big as mountain .
desire causes sufferings . desire cause unhappiness for a while . get rid of sufferings is to be patient .
if climbing a tree , at least make it until the end , if you &apos;re falling , at least reach the ground , if climbing on a mountain , at least try your best until you reach the top .
ship depends on the wind , a speaker depends on his speech , lion depends on the lioness , giant monster depends on their horns
to win against other countries will bring fame , to win in gambling is special , to win against yourself will be the greatest victory that can never be lost back .
alcohols and games , should be throwing those things away , they won &apos;t bring you anything while the desire of women , everyone can easily abandon it .
generosity is defeated by wealth , Neatujin is defeated by eagle , good wife is defeated by husband , bad words are defeated by me .
a house without children is really quiet , land of no king has no authority , mouth without merit is useless , all are zero .
those who speak only the truth , others will trust , brave people are needed by the king , so are people with the knowledge of medicine .
often . being born is suffering , getting old is suffering , getting sick is also suffering , death is also suffering .
farmers are farming , ministers have to make the country safe , businessmen are selling , workers are hard working , kids are trying to study about science .
scholars are moved by their minds , looking for a new place .
people who know lots of languages will forget their own language just like the butterflies forget its worm form that was being called a filthy insect .
defeat the stingy people by being generous , defeat liars by telling the truth .
anyone who deceives ascetics or monks or others with hateful words is the subject of great destruction .
if note it down and didn &apos;t study it , they said it &apos;s useless as not studying if know it and learn it already but wouldn &apos;t follow it , still , mean it &apos;s useless .
your own wealth and you let people borrow large and small , when you need to spend , you said you have no money to spend
taking you as a person who has a high wisdom but still does not have a popular reputation like others .
Preah Kaykekamkach is not afraid of the rich nor poor , if the morality is pure then he can beg Preah Kal .
being human whether male or female , young or old , we will always end up parting from our loved ones , as long as you live you will face suffering . ( teacher Mok Sam-ouk )
knowledge is like wealth , even if you &apos;re poor .
be careful when considering being friends with who you used to be an enemy with .
who trying hard , never rest , study hard to earn money , those will get a lot of money .
knowledge is a friend in this world , is the root for the future happiness .
drop by drop like the sugar palm nectar which fills the pipe by morning . keep every drop you have , don &apos;t lose anything .
nothing is faster than the feeling of missing . nothing is sharper than the falling of water . nothing is heavier than gratitude . nothing is stronger than wife asking to do something .
Lizard changes its color by places , ignorant person changes their behavior , by getting close to the scholar , only then that they know it &apos;s wrong .
don &apos;t wear dirty clothes in the front group of people , this is the rule of hygiene .
anyone who is afraid , always tasting the salty , sour , bitter flavor , always be terrified , even when they see their own shadow , they will still be scare .
an umbrella made of stone is heavy , your mind is good at enduring , following the teachings of your teachers , saying that it was heavy , was enough .
strong people are kept as fence , aggressive people are kept as your backbones , quick people are kept as thickness , polite people are kept as barrier .
he who pays back the gratuity , he is considered a family . he who provides foods , he is considered a father .
those who seek wealth tires day and night ; they think and work fast with their hands and feet , enduring great hardship . all because of wealth .
Whoever studies hard in their early childhood , that person is considered a man .
an individual who thinks and acts according to the teachings of proverbs without stumbling is a rare find .
those who not seek knowledge , will not know prosperity , they won &apos;t even try to think , how can they earn money .
a counselor is like a potter , he breaks and kneads the clay . he never gets tired from kneading a good clay . &#91; he uses the pot &#93; to cook his rice daily .
any person associates with a kind person . be happy and be friend with wise persons . feel the kindness of generous people .
those who have been born are lucky , do not hide in your shell like a turtle , when the fire is started , its shell will fall off , leaving it upside down .
Dummies make-up to hide themselves by clothing . looking from far , they seem beautiful just because of their clothing .
people who become less grateful but more united , can defeat the rivals by the magic of the union .
the fact that you are born as a human means you must focus on building wisdom and studying hard . ( Tae - Chhon )
get along with each other all the time ; the old hut is the temple .
do not let money be more powerful than the law ; do not give yourself up to money and disgrace your ministry . do let bad guys buy you .
we are people , we should not be afraid of smart people , like fish rely on water , thinking of the old way , but should not fully trust people .
the rules with meaningful meaning should be learned hard to know it to become a turning wheel for yourself to be a success .
the adversary nations , arrogant friends , mean families , cruel neighbors , revengeful wives , and stubborn or disobedient servants should be avoided .
if having any problems. don &apos;t argue with each other , don &apos;t take bad people to be a problem &apos;s solvers .
those girls are so scary , always jealous everyday .
a dog is misunderstood by another dog and started to growl at each other . Likewise , a person is misunderstood by another person and wish to hurt each other .
people who speak other language , they will later forget their own language , forget their nation and rules , like a crocodile can &apos;t find its pond .
educators depend on books , businessperson depends on prediction . if you &apos;re scared of dying , you might be anxious and worried that it might happen .
if you want gratitude , endure suffering . if you want peace , seek it . ( or if you want things to be safe , keep it ) .
an old man gets a woman with big breasts , almost being controlled by her .
many problems are tough to avoid . if you are less educated , you are worried . if you are ignorant , you cannot apply .
soldiers are training , digging and harvesting the fruits , constructing roads and bridges , ploughing rice fields , Khmer soldiers are so peaceful .
study discipline and try to earn money . don ’ t steal something from others . be willing to help relatives who are in need and be patient .
the old proverb said it &apos;s like to throw the fishing pole over the mountain as doing works without talking with a higher position and talk to a lower position .
majority of Cambodians are Buddhists which is a religion that will bring peace .
Buddhism is a big lamp to lighten the world . he makes all human beings knowledgeable . everyone should hold the lamp .
more variety of foods mean more tastes ; more children the better ( or the more the dishes , the greater the tastes ) .
the ignorant people that know they are ignorant , those are called scholars , ignorant people that call themselves scholars are ignorant .
if there is any job to be done , the asset will be used. if you are not careful , assets can disappear .
who can make anger perish , will not be suffering in this world , Preah Oysey will praise them for their accomplishment .
Prophets , be careful of lies . Jewelers , beware of dishonesty . judges , be careful of impartiality . Proofreaders , be careful not to miss a word .
when something weird happened , extraordinary , then you should be curious , should think if it were a trick that could effect you .
rarely have a good reputation in the world , luck will find those who have a good reputation .
a virgin girl is pretty ; her body is gold yellow ; her eyes are so clear ; her waist is good and lovable .
do not joke around with a scholar , lying makes others kick you out , being arrogant makes others abandoning you , if you love someone you should look at their heart .
most jobs come to no avail , as misfortune drags you down . it &apos;s all because you don &apos;t know how to align yourself with powerful people .
children who care and study hard with knowledge , Dharma will take that to be in peace and happiness .
others are coming to look after you , whatever they say , the truth will come out eventually , great words are said by your friends , the truthful words backfire .
scholars does not stay with aggressive students or aggressive wives or stingy people , if they does , they won &apos;t be in peace .
birds are relied on the wind , fish is relied on the water .
if climbing a tree , make it to the top , if falling into a hole , make it to the bottom , if climbing a mountain , try hard and make it to the top of the mountain .
Worms are the animals of ghosts , cannot eat until they are full , no matter how big the Earth is , always eating sideways because they are afraid there won &apos;t be any soil left .
a wise man tries hard to destroy , a wise man trying to be together , wise man and bad man can &apos;t befriend even though connect them to each other .
pleases the greedy by giving them wealth , pleases the scholars by saying truthful words , pleases the rude by being friendly , pleases the stupid by letting them do whatever they want .
if you understand little don &apos;t bother , if you understand a lot don &apos;t think that it &apos;s easy , reconsider and investigate the matter further . seeing my name , concluding that I am the older brother ; upon seeing me , concluding that I am the nephew .
teach all the ins and the outs , good and bad , black and white ; avoid evil paths and never stray from the good path .
all of us as a human should respect each other as friends , being together under one idea to build the world for development .
trying to do everything is the destiny of people , not just using their luck to penetrate the sky and land to get things done .
having wealth is not equal to having knowledge , knowledge can &apos;t be stolen , knowledge can be a good friend in a world of understanding
soldiers without weapons cannot go to war , scholars without knowledge cannot negotiate .
a meeting place comprised of different types of people so it should be remembered that disputes can be expected .
the jackfruit doesn &apos;t look good from the outside with all its sharp points but the inside is full of delicious fruit like the gentleman is good from the inside .
having agreements like a rope , then they won &apos;t have to worry about having conflicts , but if there are two or three opinions , no matter how hard they try to argue , it will be useless .
be vigilant - when planting rice don &apos;t neglect other kinds of farming . keep all the tools and utensils in a safe place so as not to lose any .
you should give up alcohol , girls and gambling because those only leads to worries and desires .
they were previous enemies . think hard and take precautions .
people despise everything , they are considered low key in the religion . Despising anyone , the person will go down in the hell .
the king has plenty of lucks , what &apos;s making the world beautiful . knowledge is most useful , saving all humans , men and women .
the knowledge in the world serves to create wealth , which leads to peace and happiness .
most Khmer people practised buddhism that is the religion that promote peace
people united is such a big force , scholar united is creating knowledge , people , nation , ministers , are all united and others won &apos;t be able to look down on .
this world is full of tricks , fake , not in order , far from thinking , being stupid for a life .
great tree has good smelling flowers , even if it &apos;s one tree , it can give good fragrance for animals to smell just like a good child will bring good things to the whole family .
an archbishop becomes a criminal , lives in a fig tree but eats the fig fruits , unrighteousness brings harm , righteousness brings happiness .
the wise man goes to hell , the stupid man goes to heaven or ( the idiot goes to paradise ) .
to dock the boat , find a docking pole ; to stop the boat , land the anchor ( going through a storm is better than going through a divorce . )
with laziness , you &apos;re looked down upon , with hard work , others look up to you .
Collapsed unnecessarily , rewarded effortlessly .
the world is out there , but you don &apos;t know it . you fail to harvest it , – going against the law is an unlucky sign .
anyone whose words are modest and very kind , and knows his own anger is called the real wise man in the world .
you love goodness and goodness never lets go of you . you hate goodness and disaster never lets go of you .
the troop becomes disorganized , don &apos;t stay still and watch . ten rivers won &apos;t fill an ocean .
don &apos;t give up meat for bone ; only realize the hardness after chewing ; once you return to the meat , you will no longer be offered any .
our independent design is difficult but will be of great benefit .
regard good as bad regard trash as flowers ; or ( regard paradise as hell ) .
a growing child is hard to change , don &apos;t want to confuse , just like a heron in its nest in the middle of the peacock &apos;s flock .
regard good as bad , regard trash as flowers ; or ( regard paradise as hell ) .
to be attached is to be pitiful . if you turn to Dharma
the poor have their own boss at home , and the work they do depends on their wishes .
feeling confused , scared , becoming faint , getting lost , not asking anyone to fight the devil .
water is afraid of being stored , vegetables are afraid of being cooked raw , hardwood is afraid of being taken as grasses ; boats are afraid of being sidestepped and sinking .
gratitude is earned before wealth ; choosing a wife depends on her behavior . poor in gold but high in knowledge ; there are all kinds of standards .
Cotton wool is light in nature ; so is the wicked who is light in knowledge , but the worst of all is the one with completely ignores advice from an elder .
don &apos;t judge a book by its cover . only judge from facts . if you base your judgement on an assumption , you are inviting errors .
let the six senses help and don &apos;t rule out any of it . if not all of the six senses are put to work , errors are to be expected .
a swimming pool without swimmers is like a boss without servants . a woman without a husband brings about criticism .
a man who wishes a man birth in all his reincarnations until he achieves Nirvana should avoid mischievousness just as the feet would avoid muddy ground .
those who are born to learn will find a wise man nearby , like the tongue which will find sour , bitter , spicy , and salty tastes .
a peacock amid flocks of birds , a lion among wild cows , Turangka amid the Trapo flocks , a wise man among criminals .
black woman like a fragment who can arrange all the food . ( Eang Phourin )
kill the hen to take the golden eggs and fill the body with greed ; a small person who looks like a duck but wishes to own the mountain .
normally , a spoon does not know the taste , and a butterfly does not know the taste of the flower , just like ignorant people who do not know the taste of wisdom , and the wicked who do not know generosity .
a disagreeable person who is full of flaws , no word of value and no generosity will fall down the cliff and no one will show him any mercy .
the person whose words are different from his heart , and has a cold heart should be avoided .
one who has a pure heart is better than one who is wise , who thinks he knows everything , but fails like a falling rock due to recklessness .
to think ahead , one must think carefully . to think short-term , one must work hard . once doubtful , one needs clarification to avoid confusion .
flowers are self-fragranced without perfume like a well-educated man who needs no reminder to complete his task .
one should avoid befriending people who are indifferent , even if they are from a well-respected family . the family &apos;s status alone is not enough .
once should not linger at a place of misfortune for too long . once it is time to leave , one should leave right away .
a jackfruit looks unpleasant but has great taste , so are some generous people who may look different on the outside .
Drawing wealth from his cattle , a man becomes poor fast . Drawing wealth from his knowledge , a man stays wealthy .
do not befriend one who has debt , a mistress , and who betrays his wife and children .
government officials exist because people like wealth which exists because of the work done by poor workers .
an honest man is trusted while a brave man is needed by the king . a doctor
one kind of cobra may be found everywhere in the field , while another kind is long and another is dangerous .
a little is better than nothing . knowing that one has little , one needs to think and work hard to earn more ( or if you don &apos;t have much , be studious ) .
the night without a moon is an unpleasant night . an ocean without its waves is a boring ocean . a peacock without its feather is without beauty . a wife who ignores her husband is not a remarkable wife .
while a broken leg can be fixed , a reckless speech can &apos;t . the loss of order demands thought while the loss of heart demands knowledge .
a stream may have many bends and a forest may have many trees . a girl who has a chance to be alone may commit sin .
the words from your tongue may be a blessing or a curse .
to know a person well , one needs time with him . to know a place well , one needs to visit . to differentiate the wise from the stupid , one observes his words . to know oneself , one needs knowledge .
if it &apos;s an emergency , don &apos;t tell your woman . if you borrow , borrow to buy . don &apos;t hide and don &apos;t show off . if you work , work to the best of your ability .
the king only speaks once , Brahma only speaks once , a man of honor only speaks once , this is the ancient value .
beautiful wildflowers are typically found in the wilderness while trustworthiness is found in an honored man &apos;s words , regardless of time .
a man , who is stubborn and unwilling to suffer the human fate of age and death , he who avoids a pure path , is a sinful man .
to be wealthy means to have friendship , to be wealthy means to be respected by relatives , to be wealthy means to be regarded highly , to be wealthy means to become the elite of the nation .
learn the text fluently , and you will be respected by those who don &apos;t know . knowledge leads to power . to win over an angry man , don &apos;t use rude words .
those who follow the ancient advice are the wise ones . they will be known far and wide as men of wisdom .
the poor who pretend to be rich , the weak who pretend to be strong , the stupid who pretend to be wise , these are equally idiotic .
a delicious cake is sought after by all while a statesman who devotes himself to his country unconditionally is sought after by the nation .
an honest man doesn &apos;t speak more than the truth – even if it is bad or good , nothing but the truth .
farm when it rains , sing when you have the urge to , help your country with honesty , attract a girl when you feel the passion .
water merchants are dependent on boats and land merchants are dependent on carts while a wise man depends on his scroll .
a judge can &apos;t joke or his words can &apos;t be amended , a clergyman can &apos;t play or he is punished .
today is my day , tomorrow is their day , therefore today we argue , tomorrow we make up .
don &apos;t welcome a man whose words are sweet and whose mouth is quick , but inside he is full of ill intention .
if you have a passion for goodness , you should continue doing so . if you have a passion for wrongdoings , you should not let it grow .
like ants and sugar , like spitting when you lay on your back .
the elite should not underestimate the commoners , as grass , once woven into a rope , can tie an elephant . the king relies on his citizens and a clergyman relies on religious rules , just like the existence of fish depends on water .
approaching the sun with your back , approaching the fire with your belly , approaching the owner with wealth , approaching Nirvana with clarity .
at a monastery , one should free one &apos;s mind and let righteousness flow in , get rid of sin , and collect merit , and he shall be called Methy .
wealth from thievery , once used in a business , won &apos;t grow and will disappear without a doubt .
merit offers peace like a tree offers shade . sin burns your spirit , so one should not let sin live in oneself .
make sure of the facts before you judge ( In doubt , do not judge . don &apos;t accuse your wife of adultery without evidence . )
work hard in life for a happy ending . don &apos;t be greedy at the time of poverty or you will lose all your fortune .
hunger may cause people to steal , excessive love may cause people to kill , even legally married , desperation may cause a couple to run away .
no rain has fallen from the sky in any part of the region .
like throwing husks against the wind or ( like throwing sand against the wind ) .
the stingy boss is more powerful than the rough boss but is not better than the stingy boss while the exploiting boss is no better than the unkind boss , all of who should not be served .
a buried fish becomes a fried fish . the pot is full of soup but there is no spoon .
eat from a coconut shell drink from a skull . don &apos;t laugh at us , as the thunder can strike anywhere .
the legend says don &apos;t feed a tiger . the legend &apos;s advice should be taken .
don &apos;t sit on a rotten piece of wood ( don &apos;t put your buttocks on it ) .
just like fewer medicines , so are also the Sokhabaditatantapibanha individuals .
long exhale - aware of the long breath out .
gold and silver attract neighbors and relatives who beg for help with all kinds of issues .
a boat trader relies on its sale just like the spawning crab relies on grass stems . a cattle trader relies on cattle owners just like a child &apos;s marriage relies on his or her mother .
if you hurry , you will fail . to accomplish one &apos;s wish , one needs to be careful and should not rush or you will regret it .
people under the sky are bound to suffer since they believe in happiness of the body . our body is fire . know it and escape .
working with a dishonest man causes some concern , while succumbing to a dishonest woman causes great concern . Time-consuming work causes much pain while working with generous people makes work much easier .
the mind of the enlightened one is unshakable , free from grief , away from greed , and full of peace ; these four states are a blessing ( or incomparable happiness . ) ( Happiness Scroll )
a real nobleman should train both his mind and body every day to achieve the highest value .
follow the path of wisdom and stay away from suffering . Isolate yourself from fake happiness .
don &apos;t do anything to irritate others or they will call you wicked . if you always lie , how can you not be called wicked ?
a heavy burden can be shared , while a heavy illness can &apos;t .
the king was the cause of turmoil in each state war in the world .
finish all your tasks and don &apos;t let them pile up . clear all the doubt and allow no confusion .
a country with two kings is unacceptable , so are two chief monks in a monastery . two Buddhas would divide the religion just like an inhospitable place with two suns .
become guilty because of the land and short-sighted to be cheated , losing both the money and the good land to live .
the wise man always uses his brain and meditates . he lives contentedly and enjoys a noble life .
people hide their own crimes but want to know others &apos; . their own crime is hidden as if nothing exists , like hiding charcoal pieces in the oven .
taking clothes as a devotee , but the heart is malicious . one wants to avoid the sin but escape the wise men to follow the sinners . one needs to know the exact tastes but can he refine oil from sand ?
a beautiful pearl won &apos;t be formed from a mountain rock , so is a valuable diamond .
trees rely on rich soil to bear fruits and flowers just as a man who relies on a noble person to grow and flourish .
if we are quiet and behave , would they still call us wicked ?
the Dharma one has learnt is as high as the cloud . Whoever has a deep understanding of it , Buddha calls him a man walking above the cloud .
stop your anger by using your perseverance , and stop the criminal by using wisdom . the one who can stop anger , is a noble one in the world .
the knowledge level and the age of a person should not be different . the older a person gets the more knowledgeable he or she should be . the balance is ideal .
the wise one who sees the danger ahead will think of a plan . once the danger approaches , he or she will still stay well composed .
10 immature people can &apos;t even be compared to an expert . to grow , one should seek the knowledge from the expert .
to avoid damage , one needs to be thoughtful . if you are cheated , start over again .
take care of your wealth so that it is not destroyed . earn more , spend less and don &apos;t be wasteful . if you spend recklessly , you will become poor . ( Chum Moung )
Shits and hides it with earth ( a pretentious person . )
monks rely on disciplines like life which relies on earth . a guard relies on his strength as a nun relies on a monastery .
there can &apos;t be 5 number one spots , and one should consider it . it &apos;s like one earth which can &apos;t bear 5 suns .
a jackfruit looks dangerous from the outside , but it is delicious inside . the same applies to a nobleman .
the old saying says that a good girl fears shame but when she changes , her reputation will be affected . she no longer feels the shame and becomes a prostitute . ( Prostitution Path )
the king sleeps only four hours , the wise man sleeps 8 hours , the layman sleeps 12 hours , while the beggars sleep 16 hours .
comfort comes from wealth , happiness comes from comfort , knowing a place comes from the locality .
Collapsed unnecessarily , rewarded effortlessly
palm trees offer many benefits , but humans are ungrateful and chop them down while they try to grow .
ignorant people who admit to being so are to be called friends . they may be used by wise men .
don &apos;t be too generous or you will deplete your wealth . check the ancient advice ; a good one to follow , wrong ones to avoid and desire to be reduced .
for rice planting , if you don &apos;t profit this year , you may profit the following year . however , for choosing a wife , if you choose the wrong one , you will be regret it forever .
Curved wood attracts vines ; and one should avoid a nomad or ( do not befriend a nomad ) .
an animal can be referred to as one ; however , if it is inside the mind , how can one be so sure it &apos;s an animal and argue without reasoning so that you can win .
valuing a horse for its speed , valuing a cow for its strength , valuing the nipple for milk production , so the boss should listen to other words .
knowledge is like a bottomless pit . the more you know , the more you need to learn . never expect to know everything .
offer an elephant for the recovery of serious illness , and offer a chicken egg for the recovery of a minor illness .
if you don &apos;t learn , you don &apos;t know . if you don &apos;t work , you won &apos;t earn .
loss to gambling is wealth . loss to the wife is happiness . loss to a lawsuit is thought .
if you want good taste , find vegetables . if you want to retire well , work hard as a younger person ( find good taste in vegetables . )
better to have one wise man than to have many ignorant people , as the wise one will give advice and teach you different skills .
love is not equal to a well-trained mind . nothing is stronger than the strength of the ancient karma .
rank is less than reputation . material possession is less than power . to lose wealth is better than losing knowledge . to be ill is better than being looked down upon .
to become wise , one needs to work hard . to be well fed , one needs to earn hard . think before you act . learning with guidelines withdraws friendship .
beautiful wildflowers are typically found in the wilderness while trustworthiness is found in an honorable man &apos;s words , regardless of time .
praise when needed , like a cat catching a mouse . praise at the time after the war and earn food to feed the household .
if you are sure of the only path , just focus on it . a false wise man will be confused and see many paths to follow .
to be safe , don &apos;t rush to a conclusion without careful consideration . when you hear the thunder , don &apos;t empty your jar , because if there is no rain , you may be caught without water .
the soldier should save his merit and not feel the desire to behave arrogantly like the king .
death follows life . those who work really hard will benefit both in this life and in the afterlife .
a very knowledgeable person who knows far and wide , without the right connection , won &apos;t be promoted to any of the high rank positions .
to know , learn from a teacher . to get fruit , take care of the trunk .
the noble family who is honest , considerate and fair , is regarded by others as the genuine elite .
like a penguin or ( stuck like a penguin ) .
one who boasts about his own pureness is impure , one who boasts about his knowledge is ignorant . seeing someone else succeed , don &apos;t exaggerate your own ability .
anyone who sees only the material things of this world , is short-sighted . these things are not permanent and they will change .
train to farm , and know farming . train a skill , and learn the skill . train your mind , and know your mind . train a horse , and know the horse . don &apos;t work with steel for stains , don &apos;t learn an art from farming .
don &apos;t sleep at night outside virtue as one should consider to preserve it .
a monk is patient from practicing disciplines , and virtue is born from pureness . a layman has a wild heart and can &apos;t say honest words .
Donation helps soften the stingy to give up stinginess . Donation brings about many benefits including the respect of others .
once should not linger at a place of misfortune ​ ​ for too long . once it is time to leave , one should leave right away .
taking clothes as a devotee , but the heart is malicious . one wants to avoid the sin but escape the wise men to follow the sinners . one needs to know the exact tastes and can he refine oil from sand ?
the wise man thought hard about the woman as the Lord advised him not to regret , which over time would cause irritation . even with many children , he should change his woman .
follow the wise and prosper . follow the ignorant and shrivel .
without a blood attachment , people won &apos;t get along for long . with some disagreement , they will break up and the friendship will cease to exist .
a tree is weak with too much leaves . the pond is not clear with too many fish ( or fruit lose to leaves . )
knowledge of laws gives confidence in lawsuits . knowledge of disciplines gives confidence in practice ( not afraid of monks . )
the ancients saying refers to a road without travelers . farmers do not have rice and wood dwellers don &apos;t have fire woods .
a person who discriminates against family heritage , unfriendly to relatives and looking down on them , is the subject of disaster .
our Khmer ancestors say that wise men think and adapt ; they don &apos;t exchange meat for bones ; they don &apos;t find faults while ignoring the real flaws , calling the person a pretentious one .
who would sharpen the mountain wild thorns , since they are sharp naturally ? who gives eye drops to the cattle , as their eyes are clear naturally ?
the soldier should save his merit and don &apos;t feel the desire and behave arrogantly like the king .
people who are full of lies should not be befriended . people who are full of honesty should be regarded with friendship .
the farmers plant rice while the officials serve their people . businessmen trade , carpenters make furniture , while the children learn science .
hating those who love you , which is against the elderly advice , is like throwing away your rice pot . ( Sing Siv ) .
the Dharma exists in a pure mind . hard work exists in the wise man . friends would help in the face of danger . suffering exists in our life .
night without the moon , the dark sky without a star , the ocean without a wave , a country without its citizens
the habit becomes the rule . when you learn the rule , don &apos;t follow the ignorance . the wise can give advice . to advise your child , advise from your heart .
do not talk too loud in the public . control your voice then .
the wealthy won &apos;t lack a wife . a chalk won &apos;t lack a whiteboard . a skill won &apos;t lack work application .
be ashamed of the roosters who wake up and crow punctually .
a girl is pretty because of her face . the cloth is pretty because of its hem . a gifted man &apos;s reputation spreads throughout the nation in an independent state .
the controversy may be a little difficult with dishonest people , and do not assume they would listen to you . no matter how much explanation is given they would not respect any laws .
if you do the real thing , you will be rewarded . don &apos;t take on the journey to find luck , or you will receive the outcome as you act .
don &apos;t judge a book by its cover . only judge from facts . if you base your judgement on assumption , you are inviting errors .
skillful people can fix things and work nicely and quickly without causing much worries .
during the captivity of the chieftain , or in the court of the prosecutor or in the Black Forest of the Dead , those who still love you can be called good friends .
running like a mouse . it is better not to run but to walk patiently .
close the door to protect the property before sleeping at night . tie the boat so it doesn &apos;t float away . a crumbling house needs urgent support .
not looking for a new place is an honest person , who does not abandon his origin .
parents will find more faults in the child who serves and lives nearby than those who are far away .
patience is a virtue in the world . from this life on , the queen will no longer have reincarnation and the Lord praised that .
preserving Tuka &apos;anatasanha often , the mind would stay away from Ahangka and Mamangka and Meana in our body , the home of all senses , including the exterior assumption , a mind that gives up
a bitter tasting vine dissolves other tastes . sugar gives pleasant tastes . a sinner friend tempts you to commit wrongdoings . a gentleman friend offers peace of mind immediately .
a stupid crane fears it will break the tree trunk where it lands . it walks with one foot lifted fearing it may unbalance the earth .
the four legs still slip , so is the well-educated who is still imperfect .
one is wise but a criminal . one knows all measures but is an idiot . don &apos;t count on knowledge as perfect as there is no such thing .
remember robberies are not enough for them to hide themselves and their stolen treasure .
know a servant through his work . know the relatives through requests for help . know a friend through fear . know a wife when all wealth is gone .
the stomach creates the most complex economic problems in the world .
one can &apos;t eat more than hunger allows , and one can &apos;t be worse than your heart allows .
anyone who cheats Brahmins , monks or beggars with false words , is subject to destruction .
the king sleeps only four hours , the wise man sleeps 8 hours , the layman sleeps 12 hours , while the beggar sleeps 16 hours .
silver and gold , even in large amounts , are not enjoyable without physical and mental health .
a criminal does not know attitude , and no one asks after them , or correspond with them and destruction is upon them . ( Mr. Net )
the old men who gambled with the young have their reputation tarnished and become disgraced .
one who can get rid of rage from his mind , he or she is free from suffering . Brahmin advises replacing rage with gratitude .
a fig tree should not be happy imitating a heron .
offer alms but commit sins . kill but preserve the preception .
not believing the elder &apos;s advice , one may lose his luck . not believing the child &apos;s words , one may feel stupid .
a person , who is well-educated , even though he or she is poor , is regarded as a good person , and receives blessing from heaven .
try to burn sin by doing good to see the great Dharma , and to reach Nirvana in these four noble joys .
one is wise but a criminal . one knows all measures but is an idiot . don &apos;t count on knowledge as perfect as there is no such a thing .
sharp like a knife ( or a sharp word is like a knife . )
only during difficulty , does one turn to Dharma . only during difficulty does the kingdom turn to its tradition . in the difficult universe , it only gets more difficult if one has criminals as friends .
a carpenter uses a tool to cut the log . an ironsmith uses his hands to handle the metal . an incompetent ironsmith blames his failure on the iron .
those who work won &apos;t get the results but those who wait for the result don &apos;t do any work .
an honorable man &apos;s benefit is clarity , fulfilling his merit for Nirvana .
Whoever fertilizes the tree can see the fruits . the lily has its own fragrance . a good-looking son is bound for good fate .
Pineapples are known as ripe or unripe by knocking . people are known as stupid or wise by asking .
Achieving it sooner or later depends on individuals who practice and the level of sin in their senses .
if the parents are from a noble family , the child will also be a noble person , in both words and manner , and should be befriended by this world .
the more you own the more you want . use your existing time wisely and not for illusion . don &apos;t be too self-centered .
a beautiful girl is a gift to the eyes but a kind girl who enlightens the world is hard to find .
a good pot is made by hitting the iron . good knowledge is learnt from the text even with an aggressive teacher .
be brave in public , and don &apos;t be scared but be humble .
learn to be creative . learn to farm in both the dry and rainy seasons ( mark the paddy fields and fence the plantation ) .
to shape a plant , shape it from a sapling . to advise a person , advise from a child . to learn an art , learn it from the beginning .
an old-fashioned symbol from tens of thousands of years ago , the flag bearing the emblem of enlightenment .
a fool who does not know that he is as stupid is like a toad that thinks it is a lion . such a man is called the greatest criminal and one should not befriend him .
a lazy person wakes up very late in the morning , and misfortune comes to him or her .
with one wife , one is happy . with two wives , one feels the heat . with three wives , one feels the volcano erupting . with four wives , one is likely to be burned .
the wise person is blessed by his past merit .
people want to win because if they do , they will be pleased in everything and therefore , they wish for victory .
the strongest bond is a girlfriend , the most practical knowledge is from doing , the most peaceful mind is from a Buddha , the nastiest mind is from a criminal .
if we want others to follow us , we need to go first . if we don &apos;t do it , why would other think they should follow us ?
the hatred is meaningful ; do not be afraid , do not worry .
a fig tree won &apos;t give up on growing , a wise man won &apos;t give up on Dharma , a tiger won &apos;t give up on the animal prey , a nomad won &apos;t give up crime .
unable to lend his wealth to others when his wife is away , one says he has no wealth .
when you visit someone &apos;s house and are invited to a meal , do not accept it as they only cook enough rice to feed their children .
a person who is lying awake feels the night is too long , a traveling person feels the road is too far , a criminal feels Nirvana is unreachable .
be mindful , be thoughtful , don &apos;t be doubtful or neglectful or you will fall to hell .
if a noble father has a child , the child will act nobly . if a perfect father has a child , the child will behave perfectly .
generosity is the medicine of love . selfishness is the poison of suffering . generosity is the heavenly medicine .
it &apos;s hard to change a born ignorant . even he or she lives with the wise men , he or she would not know the taste of knowledge , just like a spoon , even soaked in the soup , knows no taste .
knowing vaguely is useless like a cat in a coconut shell .
words of praise and criticism for men are not to be taken as final . the words from a guardian angel have more weight looking at the chronology .
the old saying says that we should not skip the boss and please the servant .
do not use too much cosmetics or wear too much jewelry and do not overuse powder to just suit yourselves .
watch out for the grass when you farm , watch out for the heritage when you find your child &apos;s spouse , watch out for the space when you build a house , watch out for the food , when you eat .
a wise man depends on wisdom , a rhino depends on its horn , a tiger depends on the jungle , the fish depends on water , a soldier depends on battles and a drunkard depends on a glass .
respectable people are those who are generous with their properties .
at a monastery , one should free his mind , and let righteousness flow in , get rid of sin , and collect merit , and he shall be called Methy .
those who are excessively proud and arrogant will see their status degraded due to their arrogance .
if hatred is borne for someone , one should find the cause . if no offence is found , one should abandon hatred .
a good girl who is both knowledgeable and friendly to all relatives should be sought after as a wife , even though she is from a family with a low status .
recklessness means loss , and caution means safety . consider all the roads before you take one and working hard is better than living in poverty .
enjoy meals by candlelight , and enjoy listening when speaking with a skillful speaker .
the cow with a wound on its back is scared to see a flying crow . it will run away fearing the crow will pick at its wound .
too quick to shoot the hated one and too soon to borrow from a loved one ( don &apos;t ask for it ) .
no matter how low a person is , he won &apos;t forget his parents . words travel further than roads . keeping the rice too long will spoil it .
the body is old but a good reputation does not grow old
being a trader by profession , profits come from ideas . being an ignorant farmer , livelihood depends on rice .
it is like a purely colorful god in a heaven castle .
people who do not know about their own knowledge , hiding it away to decay . this kind of person should be called a deep sleeper and should be forcefully awoken .
working with a dishonest man causes some concerns , while succumbing to a dishonest woman causes great concern . Time-consuming work causes much pain while working with generous people makes work much easier .
knowledge is more valuable than wealth , it can &apos;t be stolen , and always stays with us till our very last day .
people who love honest people but are not honest themselves , and enjoy a sinful lifestyle , are the subject of devastation ( Barapava Account ) .
if the enemy or the criminal uses profanity , reveal it in other battles .
parents are the most special thing in the world , and children don &apos;t just regard them as parents , but also as the universal parents who teach us both laws and science .
be knowledgeable and praised , or be stupid and pitied . be brave and kind , or be thoughtful and productive .
a man is not uncomfortable with his wife , is comfortable with a prostitute , is unfaithful to his wife and his children , is the subject of devastation . ( Barapava Account )
the generous mind does not experience suffering . Forgetfulness does not stop completion . try to hold on to the bones when the body is made of more than three hundred pieces .
a happy family is because of the wife , because the wife is able to take care of her husband , to decorate the house for her husband &apos;s favor and to use sweet talk .
if you are afraid of dying , do not dare to struggle for dignity so you make no fatal mistakes . to help the nation , the husband needs to give up his wife .
the wicked enjoys sinful deeds , while the wise man seeks heaven .
the wealth of gold is easy to keep , but a beautiful young girl is difficult to take care of . she changes daily and it is hard to understand her .
the king should know that his property is destroyed or grows , but he is no longer satisfied with what he deserves .
let &apos;s be honest , and forget the dark treasure . honesty will eventually lead you to Nirvana .
people who do not know about their own knowledge , hiding it away to decay . this kind of person should be called a deep sleeper and should be forcefully awoken .
catching a fish with two arms is prohibited by the elder , so is peeling rice grains for husk , or rowing a boat up a mountain , or giving up on Buddha for the wild .
a broken bamboo stick can be replaced , but a word already said can &apos;t be retrieved . or an uncontrolled word may deplete wealth , or may cost money .
the mouth argues , but the shoulders take the load or ( the mouth argues but the eyes work ) .
better to have one wise man than to have many ignorant people , as the wise one would give advice and teach you different skills .
bring an immature girl to be a wife , and that &apos;s the end of the world . ( Barapeava Account )
be well organized and you will be guarded by an angel .
a lily has a black skin but white flesh . a palm fruit has rough flesh but tastes wonderful .
if you fight , fight to win ; if you cross , cross to the land ; if you learn , learn to avoid crimes , you shall be rewarded then .
a person born in an aggressive family is only aware of others &apos; fault , even the smallest , and can &apos;t see his own faults , which pile up to a hill level .
an Archa should not consider others &apos; mistake as more serious than a monk &apos;s as the monk &apos;s mistake can devastate the whole community .
the instructor , like a clay builder , can &apos;t squeeze or the soil breaks . good clay ( or a good student ) is hard to find , and cooking rice ( or finding the right pupil ) needs time .
in an unstable country , one should not be aggressive to people , or the relatives become violent , the wife becomes vengeful and children become stubborn , and all of these , one should avoid .
the more you love , the more you are able to hate . the more you care , the more spoilt your child will be . a wife &apos;s love causes jealousy , while a woman who hates men , marries soon .
assets are not equal to knowledge , which is very rare , much more expensive than wealth , and one should only commit good deeds .
Romance , power , and fate , these three natures can &apos;t be divorced and they always co-exist for things to happen .
the king has a very powerful army but he could not defeat his enemy as he is full of anger , and his mind falls into a bottomless pit .
don &apos;t keep the bronze with the bronze-smith , don &apos;t keep the herbal wine with the drunkards and don &apos;t keep the tobacco with the smokers .
parents are the most special thing in the world , and children don &apos;t just regard them as parents , but also as the universal parents who teach you both laws and science .
let &apos;s not become an official who is hated and poor . better to be a farmer who gains wealth from harvesting .
the mind of the enlightened one is unshakable , free from grief , away from greed , and full of peace ; these four states are a blessing ( or an incomparable happiness . ) ( Happiness Scroll )
a proud person is proud of himself , and no one is cheated by his pride . people won &apos;t listen to this person or socialize with him or her .
the eagle is a thief , stealing a baby chicken . the mother chicken cries out loudly , scratching the eagle to free its child .
if you are willing to be brave enough to be gentle , do not be arrogant and do not get into trouble for the state .
if you act aggressively , do so when it &apos;s needed . if you act stupidly , do so to avoid trouble . if you act wisely , do so for a benefit . if you are to be blamed , be it with reason .
if you learn something , know it professionally , if you remember a scroll by heart , become a scholar who deserves to be one .
anyone who is struggling to learn early in life , he must be a male .
the forest provides shade to cool down , but why has it become so hot ?
the noble Dharma shows no hatred of the beasts , and a wise one knows its meaning , heading to heaven without fearing death .
take the grass as an example . when it faces a large storm , when the trees are uprooted , it keeps blowing along the wind .
knowledge is better than wealth , and can &apos;t be stolen . you will never use up knowledge and it &apos;s available any time .
a water crow shouldn &apos;t imitate a land crow . trees shouldn &apos;t imitate animals . poor people shouldn &apos;t imitate wealthy people . a king shouldn &apos;t imitate his subject .
if you are wealthy , you should take care of your property . if you are reckless , you won &apos;t get far with it in this life .
a broken bamboo stick can be replaced , but a spoken word cannot be taken back . or an uncontrolled word may deplete wealth , or may cost money .
the wise person is blessed for past merit .
close the door to protect the property before going to sleep at night . anchor the boat so it doesn &apos;t float away . a crumbling house needs urgent support .
running like a mouse . better not to run but to walk patiently .
wisdom does not exist in a vicious student , a pretentious wife or a wicked person , and even if it does , it won &apos;t last .
this world is full of people who are devious , false , unfaithful and lifelong ignoramuses .
defeat the stingy with offers , defeat the liar with true words .
enjoy meals by candlelight , and enjoy listening when speaking with a skilful speaker .
good deeds subsidise our body , give us peace and lead us to heaven after death .
a criminal may be happy now , but in the future , he may well suffer . an honest man may suffer now , but in the future , he has booked a place in heaven .
the generous mind does not experience sufferings . Forgetfulness does not stop completion . try to hold on to the bones when the body is made of more than three hundred pieces .
the sun accompanies daylight , the moon accompanies a night , sin accompanies the criminal , and merit accompanies an honest man .
the cow with a wound on his back is scared to see a flying crow . it would run away fearing the crow may pick its wound .
people who love or befriend criminals will be devastated eventually .
if you trip over a stair you can fix it , once you have said something , it is said .
more people achieve less work ( more achieves less ) .
it &apos;s hard to change a born ignorant . even if he or she lives with the wise men , he or she would not know the taste of knowledge , just like a spoon , soaked in the soup , knows no taste .
Clouds decorate the sky , wildflowers decorate the forest , waves decorate the ocean , respect decorates a woman .
if we want others to follow us , we need to do it first . if we don &apos;t do it , why would others think they should follow us ?
the noble Dharma shows no hatred of the beasts , and a wise one knows its meaning , heading to heaven without fearing death .
many dishes make an enjoyable meal , while many children make enjoyable parents ( more dishes attract more eaters ) .
a fig tree won &apos;t give up on growing , a wise man won &apos;t give up on Dharma , a tiger won &apos;t give up on animal prey , a nomad won &apos;t give up crimes .
trade near is better than trade far . trade nearby to take care of the girl ( raise a baby girl ) .
if we want them to be good , why do they say we are bad people ?
a dwarf acts as a tall man , a poor person acts as a rich one . if one is afraid of knowledge , then he becomes a soldier , who needs not much knowledge .
ignorant people who admit to be so are to be called friends . they may be used by the wise men .
an indulging king is not a noble king . an indulging monk is not a noble monk .
do not tease each other in public .
wealth , wisdom , kingship , land and water , and medicine , these five elements will disappear from the world .
don &apos;t grow your anger and follow the five principles of virtue . save the knowledge little by little and you will reach your goal eventually .
without consciousness in life , the living is like the dead .
if you want to live in prosperity , don &apos;t develop the sinful habit of cheating others . so heavenly angels will bless you with fortune .
the more you love , the more you can hate . the more you care , the more spoilt your child will be . a wife &apos;s love causes jealousy , while a woman who hates men , marries soon .
respect prevents mistakes , and contentment prevents ungratefulness . listen to preaching in these five periods is a noble happiness .
even you have a low heritage , if you master the arts of magic , and all the knowledge , big or small , the Brahma and Angel will bow at you .
don &apos;t walk too close to a house with sleeping people . when you speak , neither speak too loudly nor too quietly .
trade near is better than trade far . trade nearby to take care of the girl ( raise a baby girl ) .
an archbishop becomes a criminal , live in a pipal-tree but eat the fig fruits , unrighteousness brings damage , righteousness brings happiness .
gold is a comparable treasure to diamond , wildlife treasure is comparable to Sumeru Mountain .
a king &apos;s weapon is his command , a monk &apos;s weapon is honesty , a rich man &apos;s weapon is wealth , a poor person &apos;s wealth is their physical strength .
think before you speak or it may bring misery , and don &apos;t speak ill as it may affect you .
a king &apos;s weapon is his command , a monk &apos;s weapon is honesty , a rich man &apos;s weapon is wealth , a poor person &apos;s wealth is their physical strength .
people hide their own crime but want to know others &apos; . their own crime is hidden as if nothing exists , like hiding charcoal pieces in the oven .
a little is better than nothing . to know one has little , one needs to think and work hard to earn more ( or if you don &apos;t have much , be studious ) .
the old saying says &apos; Don &apos;t follow a domestic pig , who only knows fatal danger when it &apos;s too late &apos; .
a good girl who is both knowledgeable and friendly to all relatives should be sought after as a wife , even if she is from a low family status .
living with relatives and wife , be patient and don &apos;t lose control over yourself . if you see someone is lazy , try to remind them .
when guests come to you , greet them politely and friendly . friendship wins all hearts in the world .
one wants to be strong but is lazy , and over time he falls into misery .
some people are very reserved , sit fragilely , speak softly , but are full of deceit .
an old fashion from tens of thousands of years ago , the flag bearing the identity of the enlightenment .
the monkey wants to wear a crown , a donkey wants to imitate , a water crow wants to imitate a land crow , the ignorant imitate a scholar , a subject imitate his king ; these are without success .
long exhale - aware of the prolonged breathing out .
if one understands little , don &apos;t try too hard yet . deep understanding but don &apos;t relax too soon . don &apos;t judge a case too soon but thoroughly investigate . consider an older person as an older sibling and a friend as a nephew .
don &apos;t give up the shortcut , don &apos;t journey through a straight forested road . be considerate , make sure the road is safe and then you can take the road .
some people don &apos;t work hard and aren &apos;t patient . they tend to be mad and this leads to self-destruction .
a country with two kings are unacceptable , so are two chief monks in a monastery . two Buddhas would divide the religion just like an inhospitable place with two suns .
respectable people are those who are generous with their property .
to know , learn from a teacher . to get fruits , take care of the trunks .
to shape a plant , shape it while a sapling . to advise a person , advise it while a child . to learn an art , learn it from the beginning .
everyone has their own sin , which stays very close to its owners . if you are strong just fight your sin .
therefore , even the man with a hundred children should give up .
please everyone so that you are not ridiculed . to be close to everyone , we count everyone in so that no one is left behind .
stop your anger by using your perseverance , and stop the criminal by using wisdom . the one who can stop anger is a noble one in the world .
catching a fish with two arms is prohibited by the elder , so are peeling rice grains for husk , or rowing a boat up a mountain , or giving up on Buddha for the wild .
keep the order , work hard to earn and not by stealing , save relatives in the face of danger , and be patient .
Buddha is a great light , brightening the world , leading the ignorant animals to see themselves so we all should devote ourselves to him .
the rich man has a fortune with a delicacy of delicious food . one should not hide to eat delicious food alone .
praise when needed is like a cat catching a mouse . praise at the time after the war and earn food to feed the household .
a wise teacher becomes disgraced because of his dishonest apprentice . the household &apos;s wealth will be depleted by a reckless wife . wisdom is depleted by dishonest people .
if you say something , say it clearly . if you decide something , don &apos;t think too easily . think ahead about all the possibilities in the future .
a man &apos;s beauty is his wisdom . a woman &apos;s beauty is her husband . an eagle &apos;s beauty is its wings . a good scholar has a skinny body .
slowly , however , a misery person is also similar .
the poor have their own boss at home , and the work they do , depends on their wishes .
pretend to be crazy to spy , pretend to be stupid to learn , listen hard and learn hard till one knows all the tactics .
sufferings are confronted with a king , a monk and a beautiful girl ( some say , a pregnant girl ) .
an authority that is the most powerful is praised by the wise man .
be knowledgeable and praised , or be stupid and pitied . be brave and kind , or be thoughtful and productive .
no matter how much you feed your greed and no matter how much beauty you want to see , it will never be enough .
if you act aggressively , do so when it &apos;s needed . if you act stupidly , do so to avoid trouble . if you act wisely , do so for a benefit . if you are to be blamed , be so with reasons .
good deeds subsidize our body , give us peace and lead us to heaven after death .
consider good as bad , and then threaten to destroy people of the same desire and wish to harass each other .
do not wait for a falling fortune , do not make mistakes , do not be lazy , learn to advise yourselves and be considerate .
nothing is quicker than feeling homesick , nothing is sharper than a flash flood , nothing is heavier than kindness , nothing is more patient than a husband working for his wife .
be careful with anyone who has a clever trick - you will be set up . they get all the credit and you will be held responsible for everything .
a negligent person is dead even if s / he still lives .
you lend your own wealth to others but when you need it yourself , you will have nothing to spend .
before torturing others , you should test being tortured first and you will know how the pain feels for not being afraid of others .
take care of all the properties . Firewood , water and rice must be used sparingly .
Preah Kayakenakama does not feel scared of anyone and only those with pure preceptions can convince him .
today , we are like the cattle in the field , chewing grasses , while those who are like tigers use all kind of tricks to hunt you .
be brave and try new things , and you will see different results.Those who are not brave will see poverty soon .
a good Buddha statue is possible because of the carpenter . the decoration is perfect .
knowledge is a friend and the prosperity in the world . it paves a way for the next happy life and is a seed of happiness .
ten immatures can &apos;t even be compared to a expert . to grow one should seek the knowledge from the expert .
Whoever fertilizes the tree can see the fruits . lily has its own fragrance . a good looking son is bound for good fate .
a blind person who can &apos;t see his wealth is a poor man . an educated person who can &apos;t use his knowledge is an uneducated person . a real martial artist is the one who masters the art .
knowledge is better than wealth , and can &apos;t be stolen . you will never use up knowledge and it &apos;s available any time .
the best way to know if a person is clever or stupid , honest or dishonest is by acquainting him or her . Acquaintance lets you know the tiger &apos;s side of a cat .
a five-year-old child is to be pampered while a ten-year-old child is to be smacked when giving guidance .
looking for fame means looking for fortune , which is sought after by the needy . eating to survive is typical in life .
never feel contented , and always feel hungry for more . never look for the chance to escape from suffering but indulge yourself in your own passion .
the best way to know if a person is clever or stupid , honest or dishonest is by acquainting him or her . Acquaintance let you knows the tiger &apos;s side of a cat .
you can count on each other for both to prosper .
don &apos;t walk too close to a house with sleeping people . when you speak , neither speak too loudly nor too quietly .
an awakened person feels the night is too long ; a travelling person feels the road is too far , a criminal feels Nirvana is unreachable .
the fool only knows how to follow and don &apos;t consider the cause of actions . they believe without reasoning and have no idea to add on .
don &apos;t give up meat for bone ; only realise the hardship after chewing ; once you return to the meat , it will no longer be offered .
one should avoid befriending people who are indifferent , even when from a well respected family . the family status alone is not enough .
the sugar cane is especially sweet in each of its nodule from one end to another , just like the endless attachment in this world .
a bright scholar can see the fault of the ignorant . when it is so , a true scholar will advise the ignorant .
ultimate knowledge is to know everything . an ultimate destiny is to completely escape the suffering .
Overpraise makes a person drunk , and we should be careful with these worldly praises .
Obsessive with beautiful voices , and fragrances to please one &apos;s senses .
one rises like a gourd vine up a pole , without fearing others , but once the pole collapses , his expression turns monkey-like . ( Sung Siv ) .
the king ought to think that this king is not a close friend , not a relative , but is an independent individual .
the wolf should not imitate a lion , the birds do not imitate a swan , the ignorant should not imitate the wise , hoopoo should not imitate horses .
don &apos;t welcome a man whose words are sweet and whose mouth is quick , but inside , full of ill intention .
the eagle is a thief , stealing a baby chicken . the mother chicken cries out loud , scratching the eagle to free its child .
offer an elephant for the recovery from serious illness , and offer a chicken egg for the recovery from a minor illness .
a hard working person does not waste his time . he at least could make ends meet without asking from others but best of all , if destined , he could become a millionaire .
an overjoyed person would grieve , and a patient person would go through misery . it is predetermined in life that happiness and unhappiness takes turn to exist .
if you dare , don &apos;t be too daring . if you dissatisfy anyone , don &apos;t deteriorate to separation . if you eat , don &apos;t eat on credit . if you are happy , don &apos;t be obsessed .
even you have a low heritage , if you master the arts of magic , and all the knowledge , big or small , the Brahma and Angel will bow at you .
in desperation , people fight each other . in poverty , people steal . a pursuant of the international laws is a noble and respectable person . ( Sung Siv )
a person born in an aggressive family is only aware of others &apos; fault , even the smallest , and can &apos;t see his own fault , which piles up to a hill level .
no matter how lowly a person is , he won &apos;t forget his parents . words travel further than roads . keeping the rice too long will spoil it .
playing with kids , it &apos;s degrading . playing with the snake , it &apos;s dangerous . playing with the old , it &apos;s unfortunate .
before torturing others , you should test being tortured first and you will know how the pain feels for not being afraid of others .
obsessed with beautiful voices , and fragrances to please one &apos;s senses .
Overpraise makes a person drunk , and we should be careful with these worldly praises .
let &apos;s not become an official who is hated and is poor . better to be a farmer who gains wealth from harvesting .
if you are sure of the only path , just focus on it . a false wise man will be confused and see many paths to follow
people who love to befriend criminals will be ruined eventually .
if you fight , fight to win , if you cross , cross to the land , if you learn , learn to avoid crimes , you shall be rewarded then .
wealth can &apos;t be compared to wisdom . no other physical enemy is greater than illness .
any person who is suffering from depression and bitterness is also afraid of everything , including the shadows .
greed is the cause of suffering . greed never rests . if you feed greed , it brings suffering . if you avoid greed , it brings happiness .
wisdom alone is not the full wisdom without bravery .
your family member is the paradise in this world .
learn the ancestors &apos; words , learn the pure art , learn to study hard , learn to not be careless , and try to work hard .
the angels punish the criminals but helps the wise men .
a wise man , even when his teacher insults him , ( or the soldier , even receiving many orders ) or
if you learn something , know it professionally , if you remember a scroll by heart , become a scholar who deserves to be one .
be well organized and you will be guarded by an angel .
a good friend is one you can count on during illness , war , or natural disaster .
cure illness with medicine , cure a grieving heart with Dharma , cure poverty with patience while honesty doesn &apos;t need to be cured .
the mentor should check the correct way to say it ascertain words may cause problems .
tradition says do not act before you think , and if you don &apos;t follow all the instructions , there will be disruption .
any person who has a great wealth but who does not take care of their elderly parent , is destined to perish . ( Barapeava Account )
think angels when you look at the sky , think treetops when you look up at the forest , think honesty when you look for a friend , think suitability when you look for a soulmate .
the short-legged frogs and toads boast about going to the heaven lake while the amputees boast about running .
the king only speaks once , Brahma only says once , a man of honor only speaks once , this is the ancient value .
the wild robbers dare to show up because of the village . a country invades another country because of the internal struggle .
being united without a bond is breakable . being united with a bond is very powerful .
those who are poor in heritage and wealth , but have high ambition to be a king who owns treasures , are bound to be disappointed .
if you have a major business , you need to work hard and think carefully . do not be distracted by small things , which may cause a bigger loss .
don &apos;t keep the bronze with the bronze-smith , don &apos;t keep the medicine wine with the drunkards , and don &apos;t keep the tobacco with the smokers .
we can know the depth of the water or the earth but we cannot know the depth of our thoughts .
wear saffron robes without shaving heads , look into the mirror without opening the eyes , seeing horses as donkeys , seeing cows as rats .
take care of all the properties . Firewood , water , and rice must be used with a limit .
ultimate knowledge is to know everything . ultimate destiny is to completely escape from the suffering .
Nirvana is free of scandal . if you befriend wrong thinkers , your fear will grow .
wealth can &apos;t be compared to wisdom . no other physical enemy is greater than illness .
the wife who is so beautiful in both your and others &apos; eyes should be under her husband &apos;s guard .
respect prevents mistakes , and contentment prevents ungratefulness . listen to preaching in these five periods is a noble happiness .
a wealthy blind person who can &apos;t see his wealth is a poor man . an educated person who can &apos;t use his knowledge is an uneducated person . a real martial artist is the one who masters the art .
do not pick the unripe fruit as it does not taste sweet . if you don &apos;t know , don &apos;t pretend to know . it will destroy our work for not finding the right singer .
animals are born and die with their sin . be careless and suffer till the end of your life .
good friends help each other during difficult times . a generous person helps others during the cold season . ( know each other in difficult time and be generous in the cold months ) .
defeat an enemy using another enemy , by offering a great amount of treasure they can &apos;t resist . it &apos;s like using a thorn to pick another thorn out of your skin .
the ignorant must learn from the wise . if you want knowledge , listen and think . if you want Nirvana , control your mind . if it is dark , find a lantern .
a good friend is one you can count on during illness , war , or natural disaster .
as to friends who see no goodness in you but say nice words in front of you , you should not welcome these friends , who are like honey in a poison pot .
a woman has a few husbands , and a monk lives in a couple of pagodas , a bird has been put in a cage a few times , there is too much pretense .
tradition says do not act before you think , and if you don &apos;t follow all the instructions , there will be disruption .
the monkey wants to wear a crown , a donkey wants to imitate ? , a water crow wants to imitate a land crow , the ignorant imitates a scholar , a subject imitates his king , these are without success .
just like a poisonous cake , which looks pretty but if you bite it , you would collapse with a seizure and become unconscious immediately .
the wealth of gold is easy to keep , but a beautiful young girl is difficult to take care of . she changes daily and it is hard to understand her .
Vultures depend on flies , dried meat , and salt . a Brahmin &apos;s happiness depends on devotees , while goo preception depends on generosity .
if you are afraid of dying , do not dare to struggle for the dignity so you make no fatal mistakes . to help the nation , the husband needs to give up his wife .
the tiger fish eats its own children , a banana sapling kills its parent , a bamboo tree dies if it bears flowers , sin always kills the criminals .
normally , even a crow is among the heron flocks , it can &apos;t still change its look .
the lowly usually speaks high , and is without status but is very arrogant . an unsure scholar tries to boast to be heard .
Yothin choose to reborn as a Khmer , a great nation in Asia , and work hard to unify others to complete the tasks at hand among the Angkorian descendants .
a king &apos;s influence is wider than an archbishop &apos;s . Buddha &apos;s influence is wider than his enemies , and he lived with patience because he would no long reincarnate .
a woman &apos;s treasure is her body , a man treasure is his wisdom , a monk &apos;s treasure is his virtue , and a king &apos;s treasure is his royal army .
wisdom alone is not the full wisdom without bravery .
a person who has honest friends will be full of joy . knowing the taste of a noble man &apos;s honesty , he or she would be lifted from the sin .
the king has a very powerful army but he could not defeat his enemy as he is full of range , and his mind falls into a bottomless pit .
ranks are less than reputation . material possession is less than power . to lose wealth is better than to lose knowledge . to be ail is better than to be looked down .
the ancient people say those with uneven eyes are not to be trusted , are dishonest and harmful , and you should not be close with them .
a country at war is not the right place for business . being an orphan , one needs to take care of his own wealth .
a five-year-old child is to be pampered while a ten-year-old child is to be smacked when giving guidance .
during the captivity of the chieftain , or in the court of the prosecutor or in the Black Forest of the Dead , those who still love you can be called a good friend .
therefore , even the man with a hundred child , should give up .
if you are angry , don &apos;t lose your mind . your anger will bring regret and mistakes .
a still free leaves will be moved by the wind , and a crystal clear water will become buddy when the wave hits .
a sharp sword is kept in its sheath , knowledge is kept in a scroll , a beloved wife is kept in a far land , and when one needs her , he felt irritated .
do not wait for a falling fortune , do not make mistakes , do not be lazy , learn to advise yourselves and be considerate .
a water crow shouldn &apos;t imitate a land crow . trees shouldn &apos;t imitate animals . poor people shouldn &apos;t imitate wealthy people . a king shouldn &apos;t imitate his subject .
you can &apos;t hide your birth and you will be discovered eventually .
human and human inevitably has a difference in something , so are the animals .
any student , who learns but do not master the skill , can &apos;t teach other . similarly , a person who knows all but can &apos;t speak , also feel disturbed .
do not forget the tradition . you need to remember and follow it . have a good relationship with relatives , and also spread the generosity .
sugarcane , even in the squeezer , does not give up the sweetness , and the as the scholar , even suffering in the body , does not to give up the invaluable Dharma .
Avoiding evil and committing good deeds every day will create your destiny for Nirvana .
the rich man has a fortune with a delicacy of delicious food . one should not hide to eat delicious food alone .
a beautiful girl is the gift to the eyes but a kind girl who enlightens the world is hard to find .
ascertain yourself before you judge ( In doubt , do not judge . don &apos;t accuse your wife of adultery without evidence . )
those who have the knowledge but do not put it into practice , the ancient people say , are like a sky person who takes refuge in an earthworm &apos;s excrement .
valuing a horse for its speed , valuing a cow for its strength , valuing the nipple for milk production , so boss should listen to other words .
the wicked enjoys sinful deeds , and while the wise man seeks heaven .
want to be praised , respected and frightened but don &apos;t have a suitable value for them , so it is the self-destruction .
the top is stable but not the base . to swallow , it chokes , to spit out , it becomes gruff .
a fig tree praises the crow . seeing in this , the crow flies on to its branch and suck its nutrition till it dies .
an authority that is the most powerful is praised by the wise man .
no one will oversee your work , so if you work , do not left things behind .
please the teacher to avoid punishment , and please him or her well . so , even if you have a few mistakes , you will be forgiven , if he or she has good food , he or she will leave some for you .
like penguins or ( stuck link penguins ) .
to dock the boat , find a parking pole ; to stop the boat , land the anchor ( going through a storm is better than going through a divorce . )
if you learn but you do not think and have opinions , no matter how much you learn , you will still not know much .
a nobleman who socializes selectively and is selfish off the record , will be disgraced .
those who have never been wealthy , is hungry for wealth .
a criminal does not know attitude , and no one asks after them , or corresponds with them and destruction is upon them . ( Mr. Net )
if you want to be born as male in all your future lives , do not commit adultery .
the old saying advise knowledge should be regarded as a treasure and even you are poor in wealth ,
those who are borne to learn will find wise man nearby , like the tongue which will find sour , bitter , spicy and salty tastes .
do not tease each other in the public .
a good Buddha statue is possible because of the carpenter . the decoration is perfect .
if the enemy or the criminal is profaning , reveal it in other battles .
think before you speak or it may bring misery , and don &apos;t speak badly as it may affect you .
the journey was delayed due to a serious health issue . when he reached the hospital , even with a little dose of medicine , it helped him recover .
a dwarf acts like a tall man , a poor person acts like a rich one . if one is afraid of knowledge , then he becomes a soldier , who does not need much knowledge .
if someone hates you , don &apos;t return the hatred . if you return the kindness instead , would you not feel happier ?
the king never feels contented with the land expansion . a scholar never feels contented with good advice from Buddha . the oceans never feel contented with the river inflow . eyes never feel contented with seeing .
Donation helps soften the stingy to give up stinginess . Donation brings about many benefits including the respect from others .
Earthworms are hell species , which never seem to eat enough earth . no matter how huge the earth is , they eat the soil edge fearing the earth will run out .
think well , speak well , do well , these are the security in our life. the right path which only commits to goodness .
don &apos;t grow your angers and follows the 5 principles of virtue . save the knowledge little by little and you will reach your goal eventually .
a curve wood attracts vines and one should avoid a nomad or ( do not befriend a nomad ) .
too soft , a child becomes inadvisable and makes many mistakes . punished properly , a child knows his mistakes and is grateful .
comfort comes from wealth , happiness comes from comfort , knowing a place comes from the local .
a king &apos;s influence is wider than an archbishop &apos;s . Buddha &apos;s influence is wider than his enemies , and he lived with patience because he would no long reincarnate .
know a servant through their work . know the relatives through help request . know a friend through fear . know a wife through bankrupt time or ( when all wealth is gone ) .
anyone who knows his own wisdom , and spreads it to enlighten others , is a genuinely wise man and can be assumed as a great state man .
if we treat someone well , but they treat us reversely , double your treatment and do not worry .
no fruit but wants to be ripe ; no merit but wants reputation ; no education but wants to be an emperor ; no wealth but wants to be a millionaire .
a monk is patient from disciplines , and virtue is born from pureness . Laymen has a wild heart and can &apos;t say honest words .
we should praise the educated for their good work , while we should not blame the ignorant for their mistakes .
if there is any task , we can count on the preception and skills . but if we fail due to our distance , the preception and the skills should be regarded as null .
a man earns his wealth and leave it with his wife to take care . a man is his wife &apos;s boss while a woman to her man , is like the string attached to a needle . ,
the elite should not underestimate the commoners as grass , once woven into a rope , can tie an elephant . king relies on his citizen and a clergy relies on the religious rules , just like existence of the fist depending on water .
if you sleep at night , don &apos;t sleep too deep and don &apos;t cover your head like a corpse . if you wear clothes wear them tightly so you are not exposed naked .
human and human inevitably has a difference in something , so are the animals .
when guests come to you , greet them politely and friendly . Friendliness wins all hearts in the world .
suffering is associated with a king , a monk , and a beautiful girl ( some say , a pregnant girl ) .
an overjoyed person will grieve , and a patient person will go through misery . it is predetermined in life that happiness and unhappiness take turns to exist .
one rises like a gourd vine up a pole , without fearing others , but once the pole collapses , his expression turn monkey-like . ( Sung Siv ) .
the legend says don &apos;t feed a tiger . the legend advice should be taken .
Thank angel when you look at the sky , think treetops with you look up the forest , think honesty when you look for a friend , think suitability when you look for a soul mate .
fail in most of the tasks and become unfortunate because of the inability to pleasing the boss .
the world is out there , but you don &apos;t know it . you fail to harvest it and that you go against the law is the unlucky sign .
a carpenter uses a tool to cut the log . an ironsmith uses his hands to handle the metal . an incompetent ironsmith blames his failure the iron .
a bathing pool without bathers is like a boss without servants . a woman with a husband brings about criticism .
if you work differently from others , and fail , you will be blamed , ashamed , notorious and degraded down to earth .
a wise teacher becomes disgraced because of his dishonest apprentice . the household &apos;s wealth will be depleted by a reckless wife . wisdom is depleted by dishonest people .
animals are born and die with their sin . be careless and suffer till the end of your life .
being a trader by profession , profits come from ideas . being an ignorant farmer , livelihood depends on rice .
please everyone so that you are not ridiculed . to be close to all , we count everyone in and make sure that no one is left behind .
we , the citizens , must comply with the laws of the state . do not fall into a crime to please anyone , that is against the laws . your reputation will be spread loudly and widely if you rather die than commit crimes . E
feeling confused , scared , becoming faint , lost , not asking anyone to fight the devil .
be ashamed of the wickedness . avoid the cold any time .
if you treat someone well , but they treat you adversely , double your treatment and do not worry .
those who have never been wealthy , are hungry for wealth .
if the student or the child is not afraid of the teacher and the parents , but is afraid of outsiders , it means he or she is not afraid of the tiger but of the tiger &apos;s shit .
do not be late for a business meeting .
this applies especially in cases where the wrong dive is announced .
many are nocturnal and stay in the shade or underground during the heat of the day .
therefore , radar did not advance science , but was simply a matter of technology and engineering .
the following is a list of major institutions that have complete or substantial exhibition histories that are available online .
dust is formed from solidified clay or volcanic deposits whereas sand results from the fragmentation of harder Granites , limestone and sandstone .
this may have happened when drought caused the death of herd animals , forcing herdsmen to turn to cultivation .
C. , the American Museum of natural history in New York City , and the Canadian museum of nature in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
C. , the British Museum and National Gallery in London , the metropolitan museum of art in New York City and Vatican museums in Vatican City .
in The United Kingdom , diving competitions on all boards run throughout the year .
evidence does not support the use of honey - based products in the treatment of venous stasis ulcers or ingrown toenail .
the user can reply with a message , or to set a reminder to call them back at a later time .
historical incidents such as foreign invasions , trade relations , and colonialism have played a role in introducing certain foods to the country .
police forces are usually organized and funded by some level of government .
these organizations were intended to be temporary , but became a long - standing fixture of Spain .
the majority of museums across the country that tell state and local history also follow this example .
the academic research tended toward the improvement of basic technologies , rather than their specific applications .
in either case , the list moves as if it is pasted on the outer surface of a wheel , slowly decelerating as if affected by friction .
there are also commercial entities that provide similar services , ranging from Marina staff to workboat providers .
the Air Ministry also adopted this system as a mobile auxiliary to the ch system .
therefore , correcting the small problems prevents more serious criminal activity .
in the process they cool and lose much of their moisture by precipitation on the windward slope of the mountain range .
all public pools ( both commercial and government ) are required to &quot; provide a secure and safe environment &quot; and thus lifeguards .
some success was made in the infrared detection , but little was accomplished using radio .
order in their lands , and often appointed a constable , sometimes unpaid , to enforce the law .
the potential for generating solar energy from the sahara desert is huge , the highest found on the globe .
a Parliamentary Committee was appointed to investigate the system of policing in London .
he concluded that the desired accuracy in measuring distance to targets could be attained only by using pulsed electromagnetic waves .
a number of colleges and universities offer scholarships to men and women who have competitive diving skills .
in some parts of the world , deserts are created by a rain shadow effect .
in The United States Scholastic diving at the high school level is usually limited to one meter diving .
while hundreds of customers lined up outside the stores nationwide .
in The United States Scholastic diving at the college level requires one and three meter diving .
competitive athletes are divided by gender , and often by age group .
the Tilting is done by the arms , which are outstretched to the sides just before the twist .
this allows them maximum visibility over their supervised area and may facilitate communication between them and their team .
it was used as an ointment for rashes and burns , and to help soothe sore throats when no other practices were available .
some cultures believed honey had many practical health uses .
Honeydew Honey is very dark brown in color , with a rich fragrance of stewed fruit or fig jam , and is not as sweet as nectar honeys .
they are also managed much like other museums and face the same challenges .
depending on altitudinal variation , finger millet , wheat , Buckwheat , barley , vegetables , potatoes , and soybeans are grown .
however , absolute scores have significance to the individual divers .
heat also affects appearance ( darkens the natural honey color ) , taste , and fragrance .
however , the reaction can also be slowed by storing the honey at colder temperatures .
it is often regarded as the first children &apos;s museum in the United States .
the design of museums has evolved throughout history .
now the usual practice is for one hand to grasp the other with palms down to strike the water with a flat surface .
these clubs recruit new members into the lifeguard niche by way of their nipper and junior lifesaving award programs .
the American society of landscape architects has professional awards given out every year to architectural museums and art displays .
this area of deposited clay , silt or sand is known as a playa .
Additionally , many local rescue teams have one or more disaster units which can be called in case of major flooding anywhere in the country .
the service color is usually dark blue and red , while the uniform color is khaki .
these are usually websites belonging to real museums and containing photo galleries of items found in those real museums .
they share some characteristics of a true desert and are usually located at the edge of deserts and continental dry areas .
in The American old west , policing was often of very poor quality .
the Iphone includes software that allows the user to upload , view , and email photos taken with the camera .
other major producers were turkey , United States , and Russia .
the academic research tended toward the improvement of basic technologies , rather than their specific applications .
for example , the Anglo - Indian middle class commonly uses spoons and forks , as is traditional in western culture .
most mid - size and large museums employ exhibit design staff for graphic and environmental design projects , including exhibitions .
the following sections are intended to provide representative samples .
Alternatively , headset controls can be used to pause , play , skip , and repeat tracks .
other countries , such as Austria , Chile , Israel , New Zealand , the Philippines , South Africa and Sweden , have a single national police force .
Lastly , how much time the lifeguard in training will have to complete a timed event .
as time goes by , more and more museums dedicated to classic cars of yesteryear are opening .
they may or may not require additional assistance .
in most kerala households , a typical meal consists of rice , and vegetables .
the design of museums has evolved throughout history .
they form downwind of copious sources of dry , loose sand and occur when topographic and climatic conditions cause airborne particles to settle .
also they are unable to assess any lifeguard they have trained .
in the process they cool and lose much of their moisture by precipitation on the windward slope of the mountain range .
six Wooden Towers were erected , two for stringing the transmitting antenna , and four for corners of crossed receiving antennas .
these appear in its shipwreck galleries , a wing of the maritime museum .
symptoms of tutin poisoning include vomiting , delirium , giddiness , increased excitability , stupor , coma , and violent convulsions .
the Maya also regard the bee as sacred ( see Mayan stingless bees of Central America ) .
Antiquities museums specialize in more archaeological findings .
they limit water loss by reducing the size and number of stomata , by having waxy coatings and hairy or tiny leaves .
this change was implemented because new dives were being invented too frequently for an annual meeting to accommodate the progress of the sport .
Evolution , environmental issues , and biodiversity are major areas in natural science museums .
Ethical and legal issues related to the collection are dealt with by registrars .
in The Roman Empire , the army , rather than a dedicated police organization , provided security .
Polar Deserts ( also seen as &quot; cold deserts &quot; ) have similar features , except the main form of precipitation is snow rather than rain .
other common pieces of police equipment include flashlights / torches , whistles , police notebooks and &quot; ticket books &quot; or citations .
high - quality honey can be distinguished by fragrance , taste , and consistency .
the distance between their crests corresponds to the average length of jumps made by particles during saltation .
this experiment gave poor results , attributed to the very low power from the magnetron .
police services commonly include units for investigating crimes committed by the police themselves .
policing has included an array of activities in different situations , but the predominant ones are concerned with the preservation of order .
some municipalities also employ lifeguards in June and September .
an example of how this technology will be used is lightly pressing the screen to preview a photograph and pressing down to take it .
it found that aimless car patrols did little to deter crime and often went unnoticed by the public .
since honey normally exists below its melting point , it is a supercooled liquid .
lifeguards are proficient in first aid , and have a well stocked first aid kit available .
in The United States , summer diving is usually limited to one meter diving at community or country club pools .
Switch the infant over to the other arm face up and give five chest thrusts with two fingers .
it was used as an ointment for rashes and burns , and to help soothe sore throats when no other practices were available .
Singapore is also known for Fusion Cuisine Combining Traditional Singaporean cuisine with Indian influences .
these museums include the collection , preservation or interpretation of material culture , traditional skills , and historical processes .
together , the board and the director establish a system of governance that is guided by policies that set standards for the institution .
almost invariably , at national level , diving shares a governing body with the other aquatic sports .
Besides the obvious instances of setting records , absolute scores are also used for rankings and qualifications for higher level meets .
within a few weeks to a few months of extraction , many varieties of honey crystallize into a cream - colored solid .
the qualification is valid for two years from the date of assessment .
under the technical tutelage of the isn , several organizations provide lifeguard services in the Portuguese maritime and river beaches .
a Museum is an institution that cares for a collection of artifacts and other objects of artistic , cultural , historical , or scientific importance .
the priority is to ensure no harm comes to users of the area for which they are responsible .
European interest in the sahara desert stems from its two aspects : the almost continual daytime sunshine and plenty of unused land .
this forms a semisolid solution of precipitated glucose crystals in a solution of fructose and other ingredients .
simple weather and stock quotes applications also tap into the internet .
the Pediatric Pads should only be used on a child and infant .
these also occur parallel to a strong wind that blows in one general direction .
divers therefore attempt to create the illusion of being vertical , especially when performing rapidly rotating multiple somersault movements .
the new camera system also enables portrait lighting , which defines the light in a scene .
Unlike most other systems , messages can be listened to and deleted in a non - chronological order by choosing any message from an on - screen list .
the Posse Comitatus act severely restricts the use of the military for police activity , giving added importance to police swat units .
surf Lifesavers Patrol various beaches in New Zealand .
Indian cuisine has had considerable influence on Malaysian cooking styles and also enjoys popularity in Singapore .
Mars is the only planet in the solar system on which deserts have been identified .
this is often best achieved from an elevated position , which can be a chair , platform or even the roof of a vehicle .
fish and beef consumption are prevalent in some parts of India , but they are not widely consumed except for coastal areas , as well as the North East .
once the more difficult rounds of dives begin it is important to lead off with a confident dive to build momentum .
outdoor diving typically takes place from cliffs or other rock formations either into fresh or salt water .
a more recent but related idea is realized in ecomuseums , which originated in France .
Indian food is also heavily influenced by religion , in particular Hindu , and cultural choices and traditions .
this technique is used when a victim has a suspected head , neck , or spinal injury .
this technique is used when a victim has a suspected head , neck , or spinal injury .
this is often best achieved from an elevated position , which can be a chair , platform or even the roof of a vehicle .
during bad weather or fog , the device would be periodically spun to check for nearby ships .
as Radar was being developed , astronomers considered its application in making observations of the moon and other near - by extraterrestrial objects .
the Sahara is a very large expanse of land stretching from the Atlantic Rim to Egypt .
it is generally used as an ingredient in food processing .
of these acids , the amino acids , which occur in very small amounts , play an important role in the darkening of honey .
Unlike the high - power magnetron in Britain , however , the initial device from the ntri generated only a few hundred watts .
it is better to prevent crimes than to punish them .
as long - range bombers and missiles came into being , there was a need to have radars give early warnings at great ranges .
in some parts of the world , deserts are created by a rain shadow effect .
this would also allow the direct determination of range to the target .
they are also managed much like other museums and face the same challenges .
in many cultures , honey has associations that go beyond its use as a food .
Registrar - registrars are the primary record keepers of the collection .
in Denmark the lifeguard - services are divided into two major groups .
cooking vegetables by deep frying is a common practice that is followed .
the pool depth should be at least five feet if jumping from an elevated position .
honey decoctions are made from honey or honey byproducts which have been dissolved in water , then reduced ( usually by means of boiling ) .
their own , which may be due to other ingredients it contains .
Intentional Museum planning has its beginnings with the museum founder and librarian John Cotton Dana .
the rate of crystallization is affected by many factors , but the primary factor is the ratio of the main sugars : fructose to glucose .
life guards have to be in peak physical condition in order to accommodate these conditions properly .
as police are often interacting with individuals , slang terms are numerous .
Indian cuisine is very popular in Southeast Asia , due to the strong Hindu and Buddhist cultural influence in the region .
Antiquities museums specialize in more archaeological findings .
it delivers both visual and vibrating alerts for incoming phone and Facetime calls , new text messages , new and sent mail , and calendar events .
it is generally used as an ingredient in food processing .
paid Lifeguards patrol beaches during the week over the busiest summer months .
for example , the Anglo - Indian middle class commonly uses spoons and forks , as is traditional in western culture .
Indian cuisine is very popular in Southeast Asia , due to the strong Hindu and Buddhist cultural influence in the region .
a digital computer with considerable capability ( new at that time ) was necessary for analyzing the data .
in the colonial period , policing was provided by elected sheriffs and local militias .
Ethical and legal issues related to the collection are dealt with by registrars .
in an unadulterated honey , the carbon isotopic ratios of sugars and proteins should match .
during a sandstorm , the wind - blown sand particles become electrically charged .
the idea behind the Brooklyn children &apos;s museum implicitly acknowledged that existing American museums were not designed with children in mind .
no symptoms of anxiety , insomnia , or hyperactivity were detected with honey consumption compared to placebo , according to another study .
museum creation begins with a museum plan , created through a museum planning process .
in the occurrence of precipitation , its intensity and distribution ; and low humidity .
their powers include power of arrest and the legitimized use of force .
the home screen can be accessed at any time by a hardware button below the screen , closing the open application in the process .
at the moment of take - off , two critical aspects of the dive are determined , and cannot subsequently be altered during the execution .
current Ultra - wideband systems have resolutions of a few millimeters .
group d divers have only recently been allowed to compete on the tower .
crystal Nuclei ( seeds ) tend to form more readily if the honey is disturbed , by stirring , shaking , or agitating , rather than if left at rest .
members consist of almost all large institutions specializing in this field and also those offering permanent exhibitions or dedicated galleries .
volunteers Patrol New Zealand &apos;s beaches on weekends over the summer months from labour day to around Easter .
these are known by a variety of names , such as reserves , auxiliary police or special constables .
intelligence - led policing and problem - oriented policing are complementary strategies , both which involve systematic use of information .
the realization of the private right would be impeded .
C. , the British Museum and National Gallery in London , the metropolitan museum of art in New York City and Vatican museums in Vatican City .
in Denmark the lifeguard - services are divided into two major groups .
it is the relative score , not the absolute score that wins meets .
his device consisted of a simple spark gap used to generate a signal that was aimed using a dipole antenna with a cylindrical parabolic reflector .
the level of government responsible for policing varies from place to place , and may be at the national , regional or local level .
Motion of the vehicle along the flight path gives the horizontal increments .
almost invariably , at national level , diving shares a governing body with the other aquatic sports .
honey with excessive water content is not suitable for long - term preservation .
since the tucked shape is the most compact , it gives the most control over rotational speed , and dives in this position are easier to perform .
the sim sits in a tray , which is inserted into a slot at the top of the device .
honey with excessive water content is not suitable for long - term preservation .
Situated on the left spine are the volume adjustment controls .
in the past , the age group could compete only springboard , to discourage children from taking on the greater risks of tower diving .
building upon these earlier models , intelligence - led policing has emerged as the dominant philosophy guiding police strategy .
in the event of the la certification lapsing the lifeguard will have to redo the la course in its entirety .
there is a general misconception about scoring and judging .
they generally prefer to drink tea or coffee with breakfast , though food preferences vary regionally .
their self - sufficient skills and knowledge were passed down through the generations by word of mouth .
other mobile museums have no &quot; home site &quot; , and use travel as their exclusive means of presentation .
Indian cuisine is still evolving , as a result of the nation &apos;s cultural interactions with other societies .
the potential for generating solar energy from the sahara desert is huge , the highest found on the globe .
Champions from each of these events have gone on to compete at the collegiate and Olympic Levels .
effective Communications are vital for lifeguards and they may choose to use whistles , two - way radios , megaphones or even signal flares .
if the user has trouble pressing the home button , it can be set so that it can be activated with an onscreen tap .
of these acids , the amino acids , which occur in very small amounts , play an important role in the darkening of honey .
North Indian and South Indian cuisines are especially well represented .
over the following three decades in Germany , a number of radio - based detection systems were developed but none were true radars .
honey is a sweet , viscous food substance produced by bees and some related insects .
diving is a separate sport in Olympic and club diving .
they have few adaptations to desert life and are unable to cool themselves by sweating so they shelter during the heat of the day .
beaches in South Africa are contracted out to independent or private companies .
along with this , police ranks did not include military titles , with the exception of sergeant .
Evolution , environmental issues , and biodiversity are major areas in natural science museums .
Mars is the only planet in the solar system on which deserts have been identified .
it also varies seasonally , depending on which fruits and vegetables are ripe .
the most widespread radar device today is undoubtedly the radar gun .
even where not required , vendors usually offer activation for the buyer &apos;s convenience .
all public pools ( both commercial and government ) are required to &quot; provide a secure and safe environment &quot; and thus lifeguards .
in The Republic of Ireland facilities are limited to one pool at the national aquatic centre in Dublin .
however , the different types and their amounts vary considerably , depending on the type of honey .
in addition , their quieter operation can facilitate approaching suspects unawares and can help in pursuing them attempting to escape on foot .
in The United States there are several nationally recognized organizations that certify lifeguards .
other countries may have differing standards on the grading of honey .
the lack of vegetation exposes the unprotected surface of the ground to the processes of denudation .
the built - in gyroscope can stabilize the image while recording video .
many types of meat are used for Indian cooking , but chicken and mutton tend to be the most commonly consumed meats .
police officers often carry handcuffs to restrain suspects .
lifeguards are proficient in first aid , and have a well stocked first aid kit available .
they can read almost all smartphone information , including SMS , location , emails , and notes .
text messages are presented chronologically in a mailbox format similar to mail , which places all text from recipients together with replies .
museum creation begins with a museum plan , created through a museum planning process .
the Honey , when poured , should form small , temporary layers that disappear fairly quickly , indicating high viscosity .
more than preserving the object in its present state , they seek to stabilize and repair artifacts to the condition of an earlier era .
the capacitive touchscreen is designed for a bare finger , or multiple fingers for multi - touch sensing .
honeys can be from specific types of flower nectars or can be blended after collection .
some municipalities also employ lifeguards in June and September .
this LED to a proposal and patent for using this technique for detecting ships and aircraft .
after determining a swimmer is in trouble they try to help in ways that will not result in a threat to the life of the lifeguard or others .
water content can easily be measured with a refractometer .
along with this , police ranks did not include military titles , with the exception of sergeant .
the size of the operating system depends on version .
also , with the antennas aimed at a low angle , there was a dead zone of some distance caused by interference from ground - level reflections .
Native tribes of arunachal are meat eaters and use fish , eggs , beef , chicken , pork , and mutton to make their dishes .
the NCAA will separate diving from swimming in special diving competitions after the swim season is completed .
to Reduce the risk of tutin poisoning , humans should not eat honey taken from feral hives in the risk areas of New Zealand .
this applies especially in cases where the wrong dive is announced .
a proximity sensor deactivates the display and touchscreen when the device is brought near the face during a call .
active drowning victims are taking in water while attempting to stay at the surface .
mobile Museum is a term applied to museums that make exhibitions from a vehicle - such as a van .
under each prefect were &quot; Subprefects &quot; who helped collectively with law enforcement in the area .
Immigration from mainland of India , however , has resulted in variations in the cuisine .
along with collections managers , they uphold the museum &apos;s collections policy .
where sand does occur , it is usually in large quantities in the form of sand sheets or extensive areas of dunes .
the letter to indicate the position is appended to the end of the number .
Despite the apparent risk , the statistical incidence of injury in supervised training and competition is extremely low .
the results , however , are non - unique and are highly dependent upon the skill of the operator and the subsequent interpretation of the data .
the specific composition , color , aroma , and flavor of any batch of honey depend on the flowers foraged by bees that produced the honey .
police forces include both preventive police and detectives .
these museums include the collection , preservation or interpretation of material culture , traditional skills , and historical processes .
in this way , the interface simulates the physics of a real object .
high school diving and swimming concludes their season with a state competition .
police services often include part - time or volunteer officers , some of whom have other jobs outside policing .
as a seafaring nation , Japan had an early interest in wireless communications .
this is because they reflect more of the incoming light and their albedo is higher than that of forests or the sea .
Unlike the beach lifeguards , these have to pass a government approved test as well as a yearly a physical examination and first aid test .
in addition to its architectural exhibits and collections , the museum seeks to educate the public about engineering and design .
the Atlantic City Beach Patrol is currently the oldest active beach patrol in the United States .
police may have administrative duties that are not directly related to enforcing the law , such as issuing firearms licenses .
this ability allows greater ease of selecting compatible stocks .
in The United States Scholastic diving at the college level requires one and three meter diving .
when the lakes dry up , they leave a crust or hardpan behind .
it not only had competent engineers and physicists on its central staff , but also had a number of scientific research institutes .
when performing first aid the lifeguard should wear latex gloves to protect your hands from coming into contact with the victim &apos;s blood .
it found that aimless car patrols did little to deter crime and often went unnoticed by the public .
is Complex and dynamic , varying by culture , era , and technologies ; thus the use of the word desert can cause confusion .
in initial systems , the signal processing was too complex for on - board operation ; the signals were recorded and processed later .
photo Browsing , web browsing , and music playing support both upright and left or right widescreen orientations .
there are sometimes attempts to separate the governing body as a means to resolve these frustrations , but they are rarely successful .
in The United Kingdom , diving competitions on all boards run throughout the year .
the Iphone can sort its media library by songs , artists , albums , videos , playlists , genres , composers , podcasts , audiobooks , and compilations .
police services often include part - time or volunteer officers , some of whom have other jobs outside policing .
lifeguards may also be required to attend occasional in - service meetings to strengthen their lifeguarding skills .
the latter applies only to platform competitions , whereas the other five apply to both springboard and platform .
in the summer usa diving sanctions the summer nationals including all three events with both junior and senior divers .
the Lifeguards secure the Dutch coastline and also many cities that have a lot of swimming water , like lakes .
while hundreds of customers lined up outside the stores nationwide .
wide - scale deployment is expected by the end of the decade in some countries such as the United States , France , and Canada .
Besides the obvious instances of setting records , absolute scores are also used for rankings and qualifications for higher level meets .
in Serious meets , the absolute score is somewhat meaningless .
the Court ruling determined that the gradiente &apos;s registration does not own exclusive rights on the brand .
detectives may be called investigations police , judiciary / Judicial Police , and criminal police .
when using an aed , make sure that the device is on .
in Miranda the court created safeguards against self - incriminating statements made after an arrest .
here the equipment would be openly operated in the guise of an ionospheric monitoring station .
because some applications were passing user information to third - party advertisers without permission .
these are known by a variety of names , such as reserves , auxiliary police or special constables .
Nomads have moved their flocks and herds to wherever grazing is available and oases have provided opportunities for a more settled way of life .
this experiment gave poor results , attributed to the very low power from the magnetron .
the specific composition , color , aroma , and flavor of any batch of honey depend on the flowers foraged by bees that produced the honey .
the Standard in open water surf training is the United States Lifesaving Association .
included were all of the precursors of radar , but this did not mean that the heads of the Imperial Navy accepted these accomplishments .
lifeguards often take on this responsibility upon employment , although they can also be volunteers .
police cars may also contain fire extinguishers or defibrillators .
they can also be armed with non - lethal ( more accurately known as &quot; less than lethal &quot; or &quot; less - lethal &quot; ) Weaponry , particularly for riot control .
guided access helps people with autism or other attention and sensory challenges stay focused on the task ( or app ) at hand .
along with collections managers , they uphold the museum &apos;s collections policy .
lifeguards are supposed to have some equipment to aid rescues .
some lifeguards are crossed trained as emergency medical technicians as a part of their emergency services system .
the Global governing body of diving is fina , which also governs swimming , synchronised swimming , water polo and open water swimming .
lifeguards will sometimes inflate motor boats in order to save victims that are either far away or when there is large surf , i.e. big waves .
with few inputs , they were at the mercy of the weather and may have lived at bare subsistence level .
they also tend to put a very confident dive in front of a very difficult dive to ensure that they will have a good mentality for the difficult dive .
the size of the operating system depends on version .
swimming pool - most large pools , either indoor or outdoor , are required by law to be patrolled by lifeguards .
members may be referred to as police officers , troopers , Sheriffs , Constables , Rangers , peace officers or civic / Civil Guards .
such agencies include the United States secret service and the United States park police .
since honey normally exists below its melting point , it is a supercooled liquid .
some favourite dishes include coconut curry , Tandoori Potato , soya dosa , podanlangkai , curried vegetables , stuffed cabbage , and baked beans .
these acids may be aromatic or aliphatic ( Nonaromatic ) .
policing has included an array of activities in different situations , but the predominant ones are concerned with the preservation of order .
the Keys are somewhat larger and spaced farther apart when in landscape mode , which is supported by only a limited number of applications .
users can also add and delete icons from the dock , which is the same on every home screen .
it was alleged that the file , labeled &quot; Consolidated .
the user can choose to have a standard view or zoomed view .
board of trustees - the board governs the museum and is responsible for ensuring the museum is financially and ethically sound .
an example of how this technology will be used is lightly pressing the screen to preview a photograph and pressing down to take it .
the ability to dive underwater can be a useful emergency skill , and is an important part of watersport and navy safety training .
the majority of museums across the country that tell state and local history also follow this example .
raw honey contains some pollen and may contain small particles of wax .
prevention is an effective skill that is vitally important to a lifeguard because it can aid in maintaining the safety of the aquatic patrons .
the soft landing allowed for more elaborate gymnastic feats in midair as the jump could be made from a greater height .
the Hohokam tribe constructed over of large canals and maintained them for centuries , an impressive feat of engineering .
diving is also popular as a non - competitive activity .
the following sections are intended to provide representative samples .
problems They need to solve include how to obtain enough water , how to avoid being eaten and how to reproduce .
board members are often involved in fundraising aspects of the museum and represent the institution .
when a lifeguard sees this kind of swimmer they perform an emergency rescue .
outdoor diving typically takes place from cliffs or other rock formations either into fresh or salt water .
Chhaang is similar to traditional beer , brewed from barley , millet , or rice .
lifeguards are paid employees who patrol beaches , lakes and pools / aquatic venues .
it not only had competent engineers and physicists on its central staff , but also had a number of scientific research institutes .
the effect honey has on light is useful for determining the type and quality .
this enables the user to have a more customized appearance and it can potentially help some users read the screen easier .
it has automatic spell checking and correction , predictive word capabilities , and a dynamic dictionary that learns new words .
local food consists of spicy nonvegetarian and vegetarian dishes .
we have also never allowed any government access to our servers .
it is drunk cold or at room temperature in summer , and often hot during cold weather .
in recent decades , Sunflower , Safflower , cottonseed , and soybean oils have become popular across India .
Unlike most other systems , messages can be listened to and deleted in a non - chronological order by choosing any message from an on - screen list .
some of the various in - water skills taught are : active - victim rescue - a simple rescue that moves an actively drowning victim to a safer place .
other advances in radar systems and applications in the decades following WWII are far too many to be included herein .
open - air museums collect and re - erect old buildings at large outdoor sites , usually in settings of re - created landscapes of the past .
they work with the staff to ensure the museum runs smoothly .
at Room Temperature , honey is a supercooled liquid , in which the glucose will precipitate into solid granules .
crystallized Honey occurs when some of the glucose content has spontaneously crystallized from solution as the monohydrate .
this may have happened when drought caused the death of herd animals , forcing herdsmen to turn to cultivation .
these staff specialists may also be charged with supervising contract design or production services .
people have struggled to live in deserts and the surrounding semi - arid lands for millennia .
also new virtual museums , known as net museums , have recently been created .
the exact origins of the sport are unclear , though it likely derives from the act of diving at the start of swimming races .
one is the trajectory of the dive , and the other is the magnitude of the angular momentum .
other popular alcoholic drinks in India include fenny , a goan liquor made from either coconut or the juice of the cashew Apple .
he published the software and offsets for others to use .
text messages are presented chronologically in a mailbox format similar to mail , which places all text from recipients together with replies .
some common ingredients used are mango powder , Tamarind , kokum flowers , and dried pomegranate seeds .
their duties included apprehending thieves and robbers and capturing runaway slaves .
often roti is used to scoop curry without allowing it to touch the hand .
Reflection of radio signals was critical to the proposed technique , and the air ministry asked if this could be proven .
these organizations were intended to be temporary , but became a long - standing fixture of Spain .
swimming pool - most large pools , either indoor or outdoor , are required by law to be patrolled by lifeguards .
the NCAA limits the number of years a college student can represent any school in competitions .
some real life museums are also using the internet for virtual tours and exhibitions .
a development , with the expansion of the web , is the establishment of virtual museums and online exhibitions .
various types of packaged pickles are available in the market .
these competitions are usually designed to accommodate all school - age children .
documents that set these standards include an institutional or strategic plan , institutional code of ethics , bylaws , and collections policy .
in addition to its architectural exhibits and collections , the museum seeks to educate the public about engineering and design .
while at times juxtaposed , the alternative technique of the use of authentic objects is seen the same exhibit mentioned above .
he concluded that the desired accuracy in measuring distance to targets could be attained only by using pulsed electromagnetic waves .
entry to the water is invariably feet - first to avoid the risk of injury that would be involved in head - first entry from that height .
some cover specialized curatorial aspects of history or a particular locality ; others are more general .
the execution judges are positioned two on each side of the pool , and they score the diver which is nearer to them .
Indian food is gaining popularity in China , where there are many Indian restaurants in Beijing , Shanghai , and Shenzhen .
less commonly , low blood pressure , shock , heart rhythm irregularities , and convulsions may occur , with rare cases resulting in death .
for choking , the information needed is how to help an unconscious and conscious infant , child , and adult victim .
a Design Museum is a museum with a focus on product , industrial , graphic , fashion , and architectural design .
these may be paid positions or entirely volunteer .
the Iphone features an internal Rechargeable Lithium - Ion Battery .
fresh honey is a supersaturated liquid , containing more sugar than the water can typically dissolve at ambient temperatures .
many museums strive to make their buildings , programming , ideas , and collections more publicly accessible than in the past .
the Atlantic City Beach Patrol is currently the oldest active beach patrol in the United States .
in contrast , the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington , D.C. uses many artifacts in their memorable exhibitions .
many us police departments require detectives to spend some time on temporary assignments in the patrol division .
these cuisines have been adapted to local tastes , and have also affected local cuisines .
as a seafaring nation , Japan had an early interest in wireless communications .
it is served cold and is less alcoholic than other indian liquors .
reptiles cannot survive at this temperature and lizards will be prostrated by heat at .
throughout the world were identified for the anticipation of corresponding consumers .
vegetation plays a major role in determining the composition of the soil .
Polyfloral Honey , also known as wildflower honey , is derived from the nectar of many types of flowers .
the Interface is based around the home screen , a graphical list of available applications .
honey is graded based upon a number of factors , including water content , flavor and aroma , absence of defects , and clarity .
the goal of serving researchers is increasingly shifting to serving the general public .
when a call is received , pressing the sleep / wake button once silences the ringtone , and when pressed twice transfers the call to voicemail .
the use of authentic artifacts is employed by most , if not all , museums but the degree to which and the intention can vary greatly .
the Agency has made allegations of insufficient cooperation from various police services hindering their investigations .
each of these exploits were quickly fixed by Ios updates from Apple .
this ability allows greater ease of selecting compatible stocks .
Iphone lets the user know when an alert is sent to the it , in a variety of notice methods .
Definitive Clinical conclusions about the efficacy and safety of treating wounds , however , are not possible from this limited research .
the System was still incapable of directly determining the range .
however , some divers may safely dive in higher age categories to dive on higher platforms .
one well - studied example is the specializations of mammalian kidneys shown by desert - inhabiting species .
here the equipment would be openly operated in the guise of an ionospheric monitoring station .
neither side even mentioned magnetrons , but the Germans did apparently disclose their use of pulsed techniques .
in many environments , the rate of erosion and run off increases dramatically with reduced vegetation cover .
it consists of a round , Hollow Puri , fried crisp and filled with a mixture of flavoured water , boiled and cubed potatoes , Bengal Gram Beans , etc .
crystallization is also affected by water content , because a high percentage of water inhibits crystallization , as does a high dextrin content .
history museums cover the knowledge of history and its relevance to the present and future .
dust is formed from solidified clay or volcanic deposits whereas sand results from the fragmentation of harder Granites , limestone and sandstone .
Theoretically these flaws could have also been used for malicious purposes .
documents that set these standards include an institutional or strategic plan , institutional code of ethics , bylaws , and collections policy .
the largest of these deserts are found in Central Asia .
a radar gun does not return information regarding the object &apos;s position ; it uses the Doppler effect to measure the speed of a target .
they generally prefer to drink tea or coffee with breakfast , though food preferences vary regionally .
lifeguards can be found patrolling many different types of water , and each type has its own unique features , duties and challenges .
lifesavers are able to sit their bronze medallion which qualifies them as a volunteer surf lifeguards .
this timed event must be completed in or under one minute forty seconds .
Entering water from a height is an enjoyable leisure activity , as is underwater swimming .
applications other than those that perform sim unlocking .
in many cultures , honey has associations that go beyond its use as a food .
he patented the device , called the telemobiloscope , but due to lack of interest by the naval authorities the invention was not put into production .
this tradition evolved into &apos; fancy diving &apos; , while diving as a preliminary to swimming became known as &apos; plain diving &apos; .
these acids may be aromatic or aliphatic ( Nonaromatic ) .
it from a private to public police agency ; now the oldest police force in the world .
although the ingredients differ regionally , a typical kannadiga oota ( Kannadiga meal ) is served on a banana leaf .
adult Divers who are not competitive at an elite level may compete in masters diving .
like all sugar compounds , honey caramelizes if heated sufficiently , becoming darker in color , and eventually burns .
Lettuce is the most common vegetable , usually prepared by boiling with ginger , coriander , and green chillies .
Definitive Clinical conclusions about the efficacy and safety of treating wounds , however , are not possible from this limited research .
the short wavelength and high power made it very effective at spotting submarines from the air .
other duties associated with modern policing , such as investigating crimes , were left to the citizens themselves .
ancient Egyptian and middle eastern peoples also used honey for embalming the dead .
adult Divers who are not competitive at an elite level may compete in masters diving .
in South India , cleaned banana leaves , which can be disposed of after meals , are used for serving food .
here is a list of positions commonly found at museums : curator - curators are the intellectual drivers behind exhibits .
the theory behind such exhibits is that activity can be as educational as instruction , especially in early childhood .
it can only take place during the day as energy from the sun is required , but during the day , many deserts become very hot .
some countries have police forces that serve the same territory , with their jurisdiction depending on the type of crime or other circumstances .
evapotranspiration is the combination of water loss through atmospheric evaporation and through the life processes of plants .
Cell Immobilization Methods , however , proved effective for enhancing mead quality .
many of the old classics come to life once the original owners pass away .
some of the various in - water skills taught are : active - victim rescue - a simple rescue that moves an actively drowning victim to a safer place .
first aid - the lifeguard in training should know how to protect themselves from blood borne pathogens .
it is the relative score , not the absolute score that wins meets .
as Radar was being developed , astronomers considered its application in making observations of the moon and other near - by extraterrestrial objects .
Measurements of the electrical conductivity are used to determine the quality of honey in terms of ash content .
by timing the pulses on an oscilloscope , the range could be determined and the direction of the antenna revealed the angular location of the targets .
these districts may be known as neighborhood improvement districts , crime prevention districts , or security districts .
other major producers were turkey , United States , and Russia .
public protests have occurred in numerous cities which have tried to employ museums in this way .
it also varies seasonally , depending on which fruits and vegetables are ripe .
in the second world war , the western desert campaign began in Italian Libya .
Entering water from a height is an enjoyable leisure activity , as is underwater swimming .
divers often feel , for example , that they do not get adequate support over issues like the provision of facilities .
Indian food is gaining popularity in China , where there are many Indian restaurants in Beijing , Shanghai , and Shenzhen .
local food consists of spicy nonvegetarian and vegetarian dishes .
because of this many beaches and pools prohibit diving in shallow waters or when a lifeguard is not on duty .
below this temperature , honey enters a glassy state and becomes an amorphous solid ( Noncrystalline ) .
to provide early warning of an attack , both deployed huge radar networks of increasing sophistication at ever - more remote locations .
the most widespread radar device today is undoubtedly the radar gun .
they work with the staff to ensure the museum runs smoothly .
this is very painful and distressing , but not life - threatening .
Alternatively , it can join closed wi - fi networks manually .
free - indicates a twisting dive , and a combination of other positions .
these are experienced lifeguards or lifesavers who have undergone additional training to train and assess .
the goal of serving researchers is increasingly shifting to serving the general public .
alcoholic drinks are consumed by both men and women .
the System was still incapable of directly determining the range .
his plan was never fully realized , but his concept of a museum as an agent of nationalistic fervor had a profound influence throughout Europe .
the Coast is urbanised over practically its entire length and is visited by thousands of tourists each year .
the relationship between detective and uniformed branches varies by country .
Recreated historical settings simulating past time periods can offer the visitor a sense of traveling back in time .
every police officer should be issued an warrant card with a unique identification number to assure accountability for his actions .
no symptoms of anxiety , insomnia , or hyperactivity were detected with honey consumption compared to placebo , according to another study .
these indicators can be triggered during routine use , by an owner &apos;s sweat , steam in a bathroom , and other light environmental moisture .
however , man - made diving platforms are sometimes constructed in popular swimming destinations .
he proposed using a directional receiver based on watt &apos;s lightning detection concept , listening for powerful signals from a separate transmitter .
the largest museums are located in major cities throughout the world , while thousands of local museums exist in smaller cities , towns and rural areas .
however , man - made diving platforms are sometimes constructed in popular swimming destinations .
some are not - for - profit while others are run as a private business .
paid Lifeguards patrol beaches during the week over the busiest summer months .
well known dishes include kebabs , dum biryani , and various mutton recipes .
many desert reptiles are ambush predators and often bury themselves in the sand , waiting for prey to come within range .
honey is collected from wild bee colonies , or from hives of domesticated bees , a practice known as beekeeping .
often roti is used to scoop curry without allowing it to touch the hand .
the pool depth should be at least five feet if jumping from an elevated position .
the French policing system spread to other countries through the napoleonic wars and the French Colonial Empire .
in Sikkim , various ethnic groups such as the nepalese , bhutias , and lepchas have their own distinct cuisines .
when honey is exposed to ultrasonication , most of the yeast cells are destroyed .
the level of government responsible for policing varies from place to place , and may be at the national , regional or local level .
collections Management - collections managers are primarily responsible for the hands - on care , movement , and storage of objects .
London was fast reaching a size unprecedented in world history , due to the onset of the industrial revolution .
this change was implemented because new dives were being invented too frequently for an annual meeting to accommodate the progress of the sport .
for example , phones marketed at business were often deliberately stripped of cameras or the ability to play music and games .
the United States has many national museums for historical topics , such as the National Museum of African American history and culture .
such agencies include the United States secret service and the United States park police .
the cultivation of semi - arid regions encourages erosion of soil and is one of the causes of increased desertification .
these are special units that operate in kayaks and canoes in areas where motor boats would have problems .
these also occur parallel to a strong wind that blows in one general direction .
honey Barbecue and honey mustard are other common flavors used in sauces .
high - quality honey can be distinguished by fragrance , taste , and consistency .
in the first world war , the Ottoman Turks were engaged with the British regular army in a campaign that spanned the Arabian Peninsula .
lifeguards usually swim out and help these swimmers to the side .
however , honey is sold in other forms , and can be subjected to a variety of processing methods .
where sand does occur , it is usually in large quantities in the form of sand sheets or extensive areas of dunes .
diving from the higher levels increases the danger and likelihood of such injuries .
these are usually websites belonging to real museums and containing photo galleries of items found in those real museums .
however , the reaction can also be slowed by storing the honey at colder temperatures .
the infamous great purge of dictator Joseph Stalin swept over the military high commands and its supporting scientific community .
Australia , Canada , and France also developed oth radar systems .
it is very common for the food to be served on a banana leaf , especially during festivals and functions .
dried Honey has the moisture extracted from liquid honey to create completely solid , nonsticky granules .
mad Honey intoxication is a result of eating honey containing grayanotoxins .
however , the different types and their amounts vary considerably , depending on the type of honey .
the Keyboard can predict what word the user is typing and complete it , and correct for the accidental pressing of keys near the presumed desired key .
wheat and meat are common in the north and west of the state , while the wetter south and east are dominated by rice and fish .
the eleven dives are usually split up between two categories : five required dives and six optional dives .
the Pollen in honey is traceable to floral source and therefore region of origin .
children &apos;s museums are institutions that provide exhibits and programs to stimulate informal learning experiences for children .
the Sahara receives more sunshine per acre than any part of Europe .
the giant saguaro cacti of the sonoran desert form &quot; forests &quot; , providing shade for other plants and nesting places for desert birds .
these include the great salt lake , Utah Lake , sevier lake and many dry lake beds .
as the diver leaves the board , the total angular momentum vector is horizontal , pointing directly to the left for a forward dive for example .
the user can choose to have a standard view or zoomed view .
it was not until after the start of war that the imperial army had equipment that could be called radar .
photo Browsing , web browsing , and music playing support both upright and left or right widescreen orientations .
non - lethal weapons include batons , tear gas , Riot Control Agents , rubber bullets , Riot Shields , water cannons and electroshock weapons .
of police in their responsibilities to the community and under the law , and by increased oversight within the department or by civilian commissions .
science museums and technology centers or technology museums revolve around scientific achievements , and marvels and their history .
such museums contain a wide range of objects , including documents , artifacts of all kinds , art , archaeological objects .
this process may or may not include the use of drying and anticaking agents .
there are many types of museums , including art museums , natural history museums , science museums , war museums , and children &apos;s museums .
the shape of the dune depends on the characteristics of the prevailing wind .
honey is also classified by color , though it is not a factor in the grading scale .
the next year , he added a spark - gap transmitter and demonstrated the first radio communication set in Russia .
board members are often involved in fundraising aspects of the museum and represent the institution .
a digital computer with considerable capability ( new at that time ) was necessary for analyzing the data .
the people of lakshadweep drink large amounts of coconut water , which is the most abundant aerated drink on the island .
some museums may have exhibits on topics such as computers , Aviation , railway museums , physics , astronomy , and the animal kingdom .
honey is classified by its floral source , and divisions are made according to the packaging and processing used .
Historically , food that could last for several days and be eaten without heating was preferred .
all Museum employees should work together toward the museum &apos;s institutional goal .
the Diver with the highest total score after a sequence of dives is declared the winner .
numerous similar systems , which provided directional information to objects over short ranges , were developed over the next two decades .
the Agency has made allegations of insufficient cooperation from various police services hindering their investigations .
tamil cuisine is eaten by the territory &apos;s tamil majority .
menu Bars are found at the top and bottom of the screen when necessary .
it is often regarded as the first children &apos;s museum in the United States .
life guards have to be in peak physical condition in order to accommodate these conditions properly .
in initial systems , the signal processing was too complex for on - board operation ; the signals were recorded and processed later .
since the tucked shape is the most compact , it gives the most control over rotational speed , and dives in this position are easier to perform .
North Indian and South Indian cuisines are especially well represented .
they create a conceptual design and then bring it to fruition in the physical space .
the process involves identifying the museum &apos;s vision and the resources , organization and experiences needed to realize this vision .
the Vedas and other ancient literature mention the use of honey as a great medicinal and health food .
however , honey is sold in other forms , and can be subjected to a variety of processing methods .
all Museum employees should work together toward the museum &apos;s institutional goal .
Lastly , how much time the lifeguard in training will have to complete a timed event .
the front camera also has portrait mode and portrait lighting , due to the new truedepth camera system .
the influence of the neighbouring areas , such as Andhra Pradesh and Kerala , is also visible on the territory &apos;s cuisine .
collections of drawings and old master prints are often not displayed on the walls , but kept in a print room .
many desert plants have reduced the size of their leaves or abandoned them altogether .
history museums cover the knowledge of history and its relevance to the present and future .
they occur in Namibia , Chile , Southern California and Baja California .
radio Engineering was strong in Japan &apos;s higher education institutions , especially the imperial universities .
the priority is to ensure no harm comes to users of the area for which they are responsible .
similarly , many European museum collections often contain objects and cultural artifacts acquired through imperialism and colonization .
in The United States , summer diving is usually limited to one meter diving at community or country club pools .
this feature is called &quot; frequent locations &quot; and it can either be kept on or turned off .
it has an areas roughly equal to that of the United Kingdom , France , Spain , and Germany combined , or somewhat more than the us state of Alaska .
it has automatic spell checking and correction , predictive word capabilities , and a dynamic dictionary that learns new words .
commercial Processing , with pooling of honey from numerous sources , is thought to dilute any toxins .
together , the board and the director establish a system of governance that is guided by policies that set standards for the institution .
typically in the uk voluntary groups of this type are either local to that particular stretch of water or provide a service across the country .
such museums contain a wide range of objects , including documents , artifacts of all kinds , art , archaeological objects .
in His report , popov wrote that this phenomenon might be used for detecting objects , but he did nothing more with this observation .
each division also has rules on the number of dives in each competition .
this museum has also developed a &apos; museum - without - wall s &apos; through a series of underwater wreck trails .
Woodring ; he was so impressed that the next day orders were given for the full development of the system .
the Fertility God of Egypt , min , was offered honey .
Distressed Swimmers are having trouble swimming , perhaps from fatigue , and may or may not be calling out for help .
normal swimmers are those who do not need any support and can swim on their own doing intermediate strokes .
as each pulse is emitted , it is radiated over a lateral band onto the terrain .
most State Championship meets consist of eleven dives .
museums of all sizes may also contract the outside services of exhibit fabrication businesses .
Motion of the vehicle along the flight path gives the horizontal increments .
the diver typically displaces a larger than usual amount of water .
other popular alcoholic drinks in India include fenny , a goan liquor made from either coconut or the juice of the cashew Apple .
whether the police are effective is not measured on the number of arrests but on the lack of crime .
centuries of trade relations and cultural exchange resulted in a significant influence on each region &apos;s cuisines .
to win the meet the diver must accumulate more points than other divers .
the results , however , are non - unique and are highly dependent upon the skill of the operator and the subsequent interpretation of the data .
with This , radar activities in Germany and Japan ceased for a number of years .
other biographical museums , such as many of the American Presidential Libraries , are housed in specially constructed buildings .
a Parliamentary Committee was appointed to investigate the system of policing in London .
a related development is evidence - based policing .
a radar gun does not return information regarding the object &apos;s position ; it uses the Doppler effect to measure the speed of a target .
the overall rotation can be used to measure the ratio of the mixture .
in others , such as British police forces and Canadian police forces , a regular detective has equal status with regular uniformed officers .
in Spain there are many organizations that teach and train people in lifesaving .
honey intoxication is more likely when using &quot; Natural &quot; Unprocessed honey and honey from farmers who may have a small number of hives .
museums of natural history and natural science typically exhibit work of the natural world .
in Competition , the dives are referred to by a schematic system of three - or four - digit numbers .
it is better to prevent crimes than to punish them .
in Common with cacti , many have developed spines to ward off browsing animals .
this means that a newly appointed constable has the same arrest powers as a chief constable or commissioner .
although the ingredients differ regionally , a typical kannadiga oota ( Kannadiga meal ) is served on a banana leaf .
a Design Museum is a museum with a focus on product , industrial , graphic , fashion , and architectural design .
entry to the water is invariably feet - first to avoid the risk of injury that would be involved in head - first entry from that height .
it did not provide range ( distance ) Information , only warning of a nearby object .
the result is that the emphasis is on the synchronization of the divers .
the use of authentic artifacts is employed by most , if not all , museums but the degree to which and the intention can vary greatly .
very Sensitive Receivers with low - noise amplifiers had to be developed .
whether the police are effective is not measured on the number of arrests but on the lack of crime .
it is traditionally collected using standard wooden frames in honey supers .
in The United States Scholastic diving at the high school level is usually limited to one meter diving .
at Room Temperature , honey is a supercooled liquid , in which the glucose will precipitate into solid granules .
the Street food of Indore is renowned , with shops that have been active for generations .
when the lakes dry up , they leave a crust or hardpan behind .
police may have administrative duties that are not directly related to enforcing the law , such as issuing firearms licenses .
diving is an internationally recognized sport that is part of the Olympic games .
the process involves identifying the museum &apos;s vision and the resources , organization and experiences needed to realize this vision .
many desert plants have reduced the size of their leaves or abandoned them altogether .
the United States has many national museums for historical topics , such as the National Museum of African American history and culture .
it can only take place during the day as energy from the sun is required , but during the day , many deserts become very hot .
lifeguards who are not permanently employed by a company often find work during the holiday periods as temp lifeguards on main beaches .
to distribute the conference findings to a wider audience , the proceedings were published the following month in a journal .
almost all input is given through the touch screen , which understands complex gestures using multi - touch .
Situated on the left spine are the volume adjustment controls .
Indian cuisine is still evolving , as a result of the nation &apos;s cultural interactions with other societies .
early diet in india mainly consisted of legumes , vegetables , fruits , grains , dairy products , and honey .
Polyfloral Honey , also known as wildflower honey , is derived from the nectar of many types of flowers .
the Keyboard can predict what word the user is typing and complete it , and correct for the accidental pressing of keys near the presumed desired key .
for these reasons , the front line moved back and forth through hundreds of kilometers as each side lost and regained momentum .
diving is an internationally recognized sport that is part of the Olympic games .
there was still no commitment by top Japanese naval officials for using this technology aboard warships .
the spokesman for the group stated : &quot; we hope that this finally puts to rest the illusions people have about fingerprint biometrics .
some success was made in the infrared detection , but little was accomplished using radio .
this process may or may not include the use of drying and anticaking agents .
the spread of vegetarianism in other parts of Asia is often credited to Hindu and Buddhist practices .
honeys can be from specific types of flower nectars or can be blended after collection .
this included undergraduate and graduate study , as well as academic research in this field .
vegetation plays a major role in determining the composition of the soil .
the relationship between detective and uniformed branches varies by country .
Sandstorms occur with much less frequency than dust storms .
officers still have to take exams to move to the detective branch , but the move is regarded as being a specialization , rather than a promotion .
the sim sits in a tray , which is inserted into a slot at the top of the device .
the electric fields are caused by collision between airborne particles and by the impacts of saltating sand grains landing on the ground .
the Antennas for both systems rotate atop a tall tower .
the greater honeyguide bird guides humans to wild bee hives and this behavior may have evolved with early hominids .
higher police salaries to attract professionally qualified officers .
the body is kept straight with the arms extended to the side , and the regular dive position is assumed at about half the dive .
each division also has rules on the number of dives in each competition .
also the fire departments will maintain lifeguard services at rivers , coasts and lakes .
beef consumption has been banned in many states of India .
the letter to indicate the position is appended to the end of the number .
many public museums make these items available for public viewing through exhibits that may be permanent or temporary .
scores from those one meter dives contribute to the swim team &apos;s overall score .
Theoretically these flaws could have also been used for malicious purposes .
another point of variation is whether detectives have extra status .
one is the trajectory of the dive , and the other is the magnitude of the angular momentum .
prepared Exclusively in tribal regions , this cuisine uses oil and spices infrequently , except for pickle production and special occasions .
in South India , cleaned banana leaves , which can be disposed of after meals , are used for serving food .
it is a variant of the same darwin operating system core that is found in mac os x .
water content can easily be measured with a refractometer .
in British North America , policing was initially provided by local elected officials .
this feature is called &quot; frequent locations &quot; and it can either be kept on or turned off .
police forces include both preventive police and detectives .
there are many types of museums , including art museums , natural history museums , science museums , war museums , and children &apos;s museums .
the Accelerometer can also be used to control third - party apps , notably games .
to win dive meets , divers create a dive list in advance of the meet .
Stepp also code - named the system darmstadt after his home town , starting the practice in telefunken of giving the systems names of cities .
historical incidents such as foreign invasions , trade relations , and colonialism have played a role in introducing certain foods to the country .
wheat and meat are common in the north and west of the state , while the wetter south and east are dominated by rice and fish .
a second truck carrying the electrical generator and other equipment was backed against the transmitter truck .
usually a score considers three elements of the dive : the approach , the flight , and the entry .
Indian food is also heavily influenced by religion , in particular Hindu , and cultural choices and traditions .
these scholarships are usually offered to divers with age - group or club diving experience .
these districts may be known as neighborhood improvement districts , crime prevention districts , or security districts .
the Original Iphone was described as &quot; Revolutionary &quot; and a &quot; game - changer &quot; for the mobile phone industry .
Bicycle patrols are used in some areas because they allow for more open interaction with the public .
effective Communications are vital for lifeguards and they may choose to use whistles , two - way radios , megaphones or even signal flares .
some prefects were responsible for handling investigations , much like modern police detectives .
Jo divers compete in age groups at inter - club competitions , at invitationals , and if qualified , at regional , zone and national competitions .
the entities that have a concession to explore a beach are obliged to contract a lifeguard service to be provided in the respective concession area .
it may sometimes be useful to distinguish between diachronic and synchronic museums .
many types of meat are used for Indian cooking , but chicken and mutton tend to be the most commonly consumed meats .
over time , various cuisines have blended with indigenous dishes , while foreign ones have been adapted to local tastes .
some , such as the Western Australian Museum , exhibit maritime archaeological materials .
when performing first aid the lifeguard should wear latex gloves to protect your hands from coming into contact with the victim &apos;s blood .
diving from the higher levels increases the danger and likelihood of such injuries .
the use of the tandoor , which originated in Northwestern India , is an example .
there may be collections of applied art , including ceramics , metalwork , furniture , artist &apos;s books , and other types of objects .
Lettuce is the most common vegetable , usually prepared by boiling with ginger , coriander , and green chillies .
every police officer should be issued an warrant card with a unique identification number to assure accountability for his actions .
in The United States , both the navy and army needed means of remotely locating enemy ships and aircraft .
lifeguards are supposed to have some equipment to aid rescues .
with This , radar activities in Germany and Japan ceased for a number of years .
the overall rotation can be used to measure the ratio of the mixture .
many museums strive to make their buildings , programming , ideas , and collections more publicly accessible than in the past .
most divers have pre - dive and post - dive rituals that help them either maintain or regain focus .
heat also affects appearance ( darkens the natural honey color ) , taste , and fragrance .
they are also unpleasant for humans and can cause headaches and nausea .
the Lifeguards secure the Dutch coastline and also many cities that have a lot of swimming water , like lakes .
the Vehmic courts of Germany provided some policing in the absence of strong state institutions .
in Ancient Greece , publicly owned slaves were used by magistrates as police .
problems They need to solve include how to obtain enough water , how to avoid being eaten and how to reproduce .
this is very painful and distressing , but not life - threatening .
the following is a list of major institutions that have complete or substantial exhibition histories that are available online .
the unique taste and flavor of malwani cuisine comes from malwani masala and use of coconut and kokam .
honey is also classified by color , though it is not a factor in the grading scale .
the largest museums are located in major cities throughout the world , while thousands of local museums exist in smaller cities , towns and rural areas .
also new virtual museums , known as net museums , have recently been created .
because water is at a premium , food is generally cooked in milk or ghee , making it quite rich .
Immigration from mainland of India , however , has resulted in variations in the cuisine .
after determining a swimmer is in trouble they try to help in ways that will not result in a threat to the life of the lifeguard or others .
for Greater Directional Accuracy , lobe switching on the receiving antennas was adopted .
increases in signal processing capability due to the introduction of solid state computers has also had a large impact on radar use .
also , for a given pulse repetition frequency ( Prf ) , a shorter pulse results in a higher peak power .
a Mughlai course is an elaborate buffet of main course dishes with a variety of accompaniments .
if the user has trouble pressing the home button , it can be set so that it can be activated with an onscreen tap .
the research efforts in leningrad were similarly dispersed .
diving is the sport of jumping or falling into water from a platform or springboard , usually while performing acrobatics .
there are sometimes attempts to separate the governing body as a means to resolve these frustrations , but they are rarely successful .
diving is one of the most popular Olympic Sports with spectators .
the use of curry leaves and roots for flavouring is typical of Gujarati and South Indian cuisine .
honey is a sweet , viscous food substance produced by bees and some related insects .
fish and beef consumption are prevalent in some parts of India , but they are not widely consumed except for coastal areas , as well as the North East .
for example , if music is playing when a call is received , the music fades out , and fades back in when the call has ended .
therefore , correcting the small problems prevents more serious criminal activity .
Polar deserts cover much of the ice - free areas of the arctic and Antarctic .
the ripples are ephemeral and a change in wind direction causes them to reorganise .
it is usually supplemented with choorma , a mixture of finely ground baked rotis , sugar and ghee .
in The United States Scholastic Diving is almost always part of the school &apos;s swim team .
increases in signal processing capability due to the introduction of solid state computers has also had a large impact on radar use .
a Multi - Function Sleep / wake button is located on the top of the device .
they also tend to put a very confident dive in front of a very difficult dive to ensure that they will have a good mentality for the difficult dive .
the observers included the secretary of war , Henry a .
early diet in india mainly consisted of legumes , vegetables , fruits , grains , dairy products , and honey .
should not be given to babies because of the risk of infant botulism .
phones were sold in a very large number of models , often segmented by marketing strategy , confusing customers and sapping engineering resources .
detectives may be called investigations police , judiciary / Judicial Police , and criminal police .
the Street food of Indore is renowned , with shops that have been active for generations .
diving is a separate sport in Olympic and club diving .
the competitive diver will attempt the highest dd dives possible with which they can achieve consistent , high scores .
in The United States Scholastic Diving is almost always part of the school &apos;s swim team .
in other words , about eight times more water could evaporate from the region than actually falls as rain .
in Ancient Greece , publicly owned slaves were used by magistrates as police .
as police are often interacting with individuals , slang terms are numerous .
one of the early applications of digital computers was in switching the signal phase in elements of large phased - array antennas .
they may or may not require additional assistance .
the Coast is urbanised over practically its entire length and is visited by thousands of tourists each year .
separate Receivers and antennas were used for azimuth and elevation detection .
in British North America , policing was initially provided by local elected officials .
other cuisines which borrow inspiration from Indian cooking styles include Filipino , Vietnamese , Indonesian , Thai , and Burmese cuisines .
the new camera system also enables portrait lighting , which defines the light in a scene .
during the cold war period following WWII , the primary &quot; Axis &quot; of combat shifted to lie between the United States and the Soviet Union .
large swaths of this desert are covered in mirrors , including nine fields of solar collectors .
traditionally , meals in India were eaten while seated either on the floor or on very low stools or cushions .
this type of museum usually were built in countries possessing diverse ethnic groups or significant numbers of ethnic minorities .
the exact structures and the names of rank vary considerably by country .
these cuisines have been adapted to local tastes , and have also affected local cuisines .
the third digit represents the number of half - somersaults .
cooking vegetables by deep frying is a common practice that is followed .
it was not until after the start of war that the imperial army had equipment that could be called radar .
the experiments with pulsed radar were continued , primarily in improving the receiver for handling the short pulses .
the Arabs were probably the first organized force to conduct successful battles in the desert .
it is also used for fitness tracking purposes , primarily as a pedometer .
the Brahmin is famed for its vegan cuisine , especially varieties of sambar and rasam .
for a long time , the Japanese had believed that they had the best fighting capability of any military force in the world .
based on success of the sea trials , the NRL further improved the system .
in Canada , all lifeguards and assistant lifeguards are certified by the lifesaving society of Canada or the Canadian Red Cross .
a Living History Museum is an outdoor museum featuring reenactors in period costume , and historic or reconstructed buildings .
members consist of almost all large institutions specializing in this field and also those offering permanent exhibitions or dedicated galleries .
children &apos;s museums are institutions that provide exhibits and programs to stimulate informal learning experiences for children .
one pioneering way museums are attempting to make their collections more accessible is with open storage .
public protests have occurred in numerous cities which have tried to employ museums in this way .
the first digit indicates that it is a twisting dive .
oil and gas form on the bottom of shallow seas when micro - organisms decompose under anoxic conditions and later become covered with sediment .
it is served cold and is less alcoholic than other indian liquors .
there was no concept of public prosecution , so victims of crime or their families had to organize and manage the prosecution themselves .
diving is also popular as a non - competitive activity .
there are four different prerequisites you need to complete before you can become a lifeguard .
to this day , this is the most widely used directional antenna worldwide .
there are also commercial entities that provide similar services , ranging from Marina staff to workboat providers .
basic tests were done using a training ship , but the operation was unsatisfactory .
melting crystallized honey can easily result in localized caramelization if the heat source is too hot , or if it is not evenly distributed .
they are usually shallow and saline , and wind blowing over their surface can cause stress , moving the water over nearby low - lying areas .
it was , however , the first microwave radio - detection system .
the placement of the pads for a child is the same as an adult .
it is drunk cold or at room temperature in summer , and often hot during cold weather .
in an unadulterated honey , the carbon isotopic ratios of sugars and proteins should match .
these are experienced lifeguards or lifesavers who have undergone additional training to train and assess .
science museums and technology centers or technology museums revolve around scientific achievements , and marvels and their history .
beach Lifeguards are usually employed by local government authorities and patrol the beach throughout the year .
in Spain there are many organizations that teach and train people in lifesaving .
Recreated historical settings simulating past time periods can offer the visitor a sense of traveling back in time .
the home screen can be accessed at any time by a hardware button below the screen , closing the open application in the process .
to distinguish targets from other reflections , it was necessary to use a phase - Doppler system .
Bobbies can still be found in many parts of the commonwealth of nations .
we have also never allowed any government access to our servers .
the eleven dives are usually split up between two categories : five required dives and six optional dives .
honey decoctions are made from honey or honey byproducts which have been dissolved in water , then reduced ( usually by means of boiling ) .
patrol officers in cars had insufficient contact and interaction with the community , leading to a social rift between the two .
for a conscious child or adult start with five back blows and five abdominal thrusts .
therefore , radar did not advance science , but was simply a matter of technology and engineering .
when a call is received , pressing the sleep / wake button once silences the ringtone , and when pressed twice transfers the call to voicemail .
the painting is a mesolithic rock painting , showing two honey hunters collecting honey and honeycomb from a wild bee nest .
Historically , this marked the first naval vessel equipped with radar .
once the more difficult rounds of dives begin it is important to lead off with a confident dive to build momentum .
the distance between their crests corresponds to the average length of jumps made by particles during saltation .
beach Lifeguards are usually employed by local government authorities and patrol the beach throughout the year .
the shape of the dune depends on the characteristics of the prevailing wind .
even where not required , vendors usually offer activation for the buyer &apos;s convenience .
the practice of open storage is all part of an ongoing debate in the museum field of the role objects play and how accessible they should be .
ancient Egyptian and middle eastern peoples also used honey for embalming the dead .
they can also be armed with non - lethal ( more accurately known as &quot; less than lethal &quot; or &quot; less - lethal &quot; ) Weaponry , particularly for riot control .
Consequently , divers must use some of the somersaulting angular momentum to generate twisting movements .
in New Zealand the term lifeguard generally refers to swimming pool lifeguards but can be used interchangeably with lifesaver .
most State Championship meets consist of eleven dives .
this device can also be used to measure the surface speed of water and continuously manufactured materials .
many us police departments require detectives to spend some time on temporary assignments in the patrol division .
over the following three decades in Germany , a number of radio - based detection systems were developed but none were true radars .
double - tapping switches between widescreen and fullscreen video playback .
both receiving and the transmitting antennas used large arrays of dipole wires on wooden frames .
there was still no commitment by top Japanese naval officials for using this technology aboard warships .
oil and gas form on the bottom of shallow seas when micro - organisms decompose under anoxic conditions and later become covered with sediment .
give five back blows in between the shoulder blades with the heel of the hands .
in fact , essentially all major radar astronomy activities have been conducted as adjuncts to radio astronomy observatories .
Additionally , many local rescue teams have one or more disaster units which can be called in case of major flooding anywhere in the country .
the realization of the private right would be impeded .
Additionally , some dives can be started in a flying position .
an armstand dive may have a higher degree of difficulty outdoors compared to indoors as wind can destabilize the equilibrium of the diver .
these indicators can be triggered during routine use , by an owner &apos;s sweat , steam in a bathroom , and other light environmental moisture .
it may sometimes be useful to distinguish between diachronic and synchronic museums .
this type of museum usually were built in countries possessing diverse ethnic groups or significant numbers of ethnic minorities .
star Dunes are formed by variable winds , and have several ridges and slip faces radiating from a central point .
in other words , about eight times more water could evaporate from the region than actually falls as rain .
this tradition evolved into &apos; fancy diving &apos; , while diving as a preliminary to swimming became known as &apos; plain diving &apos; .
other mobile museums have no &quot; home site &quot; , and use travel as their exclusive means of presentation .
humans have long made use of deserts as places to live , and more recently have started to exploit them for minerals and energy capture .
in The United States there are several nationally recognized organizations that certify lifeguards .
divers therefore attempt to create the illusion of being vertical , especially when performing rapidly rotating multiple somersault movements .
collections Management - collections managers are primarily responsible for the hands - on care , movement , and storage of objects .
a Multi - Function Sleep / wake button is located on the top of the device .
divers often feel , for example , that they do not get adequate support over issues like the provision of facilities .
included were all of the precursors of radar , but this did not mean that the heads of the Imperial Navy accepted these accomplishments .
people have struggled to live in deserts and the surrounding semi - arid lands for millennia .
the entities that have a concession to explore a beach are obliged to contract a lifeguard service to be provided in the respective concession area .
museums of natural history and natural science typically exhibit work of the natural world .
in addition , their quieter operation can facilitate approaching suspects unawares and can help in pursuing them attempting to escape on foot .
these staff specialists may also be charged with supervising contract design or production services .
the opening of the body for the entry does not stop the rotation , but merely slows it down .
the equipment was used in an attempt to detect reflections from tall structures a few kilometers away .
however , absolute scores have significance to the individual divers .
some cultures believed honey had many practical health uses .
it from a private to public police agency ; now the oldest police force in the world .
there are many other post - war radar systems and applications .
lifeguards are paid employees who patrol beaches , lakes and pools / aquatic venues .
they travelled over large areas with their herds , moving to new pastures as seasonal and erratic rainfall encouraged new plant growth .
in Iran the lifesaving organization is the Iran lifesaving organization .
other countries have sub - national police forces , but for the most part their jurisdictions do not overlap .
Alternatively , headset controls can be used to pause , play , skip , and repeat tracks .
the Antennas for both systems rotate atop a tall tower .
others store water in succulent leaves or stems or in fleshy tubers .
at the moment of take - off , two critical aspects of the dive are determined , and cannot subsequently be altered during the execution .
the rules state that twisting &apos; must not be generated manifestly on take - off &apos; .
free - indicates a twisting dive , and a combination of other positions .
in others , such as British police forces and Canadian police forces , a regular detective has equal status with regular uniformed officers .
Unlike the beach lifeguards , these have to pass a government approved test as well as a yearly a physical examination and first aid test .
in either case , the list moves as if it is pasted on the outer surface of a wheel , slowly decelerating as if affected by friction .
Historically , food that could last for several days and be eaten without heating was preferred .
other countries may have differing standards on the grading of honey .
his plan was never fully realized , but his concept of a museum as an agent of nationalistic fervor had a profound influence throughout Europe .
in Both France and Spain , the civilian force polices urban areas and the paramilitary force polices rural areas .
this enables the user to have a more customized appearance and it can potentially help some users read the screen easier .
lifeguards may also be required to attend occasional in - service meetings to strengthen their lifeguarding skills .
in the past , the age group could compete only springboard , to discourage children from taking on the greater risks of tower diving .
when a signal reflected from a ship was picked up by a similar antenna attached to the separate coherer receiver , a bell sounded .
users can also add and delete icons from the dock , which is the same on every home screen .
crystal Nuclei ( seeds ) tend to form more readily if the honey is disturbed , by stirring , shaking , or agitating , rather than if left at rest .
most divers have pre - dive and post - dive rituals that help them either maintain or regain focus .
however , this feature also keeps track of the number of times that the user has been to that location , the dates , and the exact times .
honey is classified by its floral source , and divisions are made according to the packaging and processing used .
basic tests were done using a training ship , but the operation was unsatisfactory .
alcoholic drinks are consumed by both men and women .
the American society of landscape architects has professional awards given out every year to architectural museums and art displays .
as time goes by , more and more museums dedicated to classic cars of yesteryear are opening .
six Wooden Towers were erected , two for stringing the transmitting antenna , and four for corners of crossed receiving antennas .
a number of colleges and universities offer scholarships to men and women who have competitive diving skills .
amount of splash - many judges award divers for the amount of splash created by the diver on entry , with less splash resulting in a higher score .
lifeguards can be found patrolling many different types of water , and each type has its own unique features , duties and challenges .
in the first world war , the Ottoman Turks were engaged with the British regular army in a campaign that spanned the Arabian Peninsula .
collections of drawings and old master prints are often not displayed on the walls , but kept in a print room .
also the fire departments will maintain lifeguard services at rivers , coasts and lakes .
it is traditionally collected using standard wooden frames in honey supers .
the Interface is based around the home screen , a graphical list of available applications .
lifeguards will sometimes inflate motor boats in order to save victims that are either far away or when there is large surf , i.e. big waves .
it did not provide range ( distance ) Information , only warning of a nearby object .
the effect honey has on light is useful for determining the type and quality .
reptiles cannot survive at this temperature and lizards will be prostrated by heat at .
in the colonial period , policing was provided by elected sheriffs and local militias .
the largest of these deserts are found in Central Asia .
there is a general misconception about scoring and judging .
competitive athletes are divided by gender , and often by age group .
it has an areas roughly equal to that of the United Kingdom , France , Spain , and Germany combined , or somewhat more than the us state of Alaska .
the surface of the trunk is folded like a concertina , allowing it to expand , and a large specimen can hold eight tons of water after a good downpour .
because water is at a premium , food is generally cooked in milk or ghee , making it quite rich .
very Sensitive Receivers with low - noise amplifiers had to be developed .
the theory behind such exhibits is that activity can be as educational as instruction , especially in early childhood .
lifesavers are able to sit their bronze medallion which qualifies them as a volunteer surf lifeguards .
in Serious meets , the absolute score is somewhat meaningless .
during bad weather or fog , the device would be periodically spun to check for nearby ships .
building upon these earlier models , intelligence - led policing has emerged as the dominant philosophy guiding police strategy .
a Living History Museum is an outdoor museum featuring reenactors in period costume , and historic or reconstructed buildings .
Yogurt is a common addition to meals , as a way of tempering spiciness .
however , honey takes substantially longer to liquify when just above the melting point than at elevated temperatures .
when a lifeguard sees this kind of swimmer they perform an emergency rescue .
typically in the uk voluntary groups of this type are either local to that particular stretch of water or provide a service across the country .
lifeguards usually swim out and help these swimmers to the side .
the result is that the emphasis is on the synchronization of the divers .
lifeguards look for swimmers in various categories and conditions : Passive drowning victims are inactive in the water , submerged or otherwise .
he published the software and offsets for others to use .
later , trade with British and Portuguese influence added to the already diverse Indian cuisine .
for example , phones marketed at business were often deliberately stripped of cameras or the ability to play music and games .
some countries have police forces that serve the same territory , with their jurisdiction depending on the type of crime or other circumstances .
Historically , warships in formation used lights and horns to avoid collision at night or when in fog .
in many environments , the rate of erosion and run off increases dramatically with reduced vegetation cover .
there are six &quot; groups &quot; into which dives are classified : forward , back , inward , reverse , twist , and armstand .
normal swimmers are those who do not need any support and can swim on their own doing intermediate strokes .
a proximity sensor deactivates the display and touchscreen when the device is brought near the face during a call .
active drowning victims are taking in water while attempting to stay at the surface .
other common pieces of police equipment include flashlights / torches , whistles , police notebooks and &quot; ticket books &quot; or citations .
the Security System had been defeated by photographing a fingerprint from a glass surface and using that captured image as verification .
as the diver leaves the board , the total angular momentum vector is horizontal , pointing directly to the left for a forward dive for example .
Inland water sites such as lakes , rivers and estuarys - typically where there is a specific need , such as sports competitions or public events .
of police in their responsibilities to the community and under the law , and by increased oversight within the department or by civilian commissions .
museums of all sizes may also contract the outside services of exhibit fabrication businesses .
however the size and harshness of the terrain meant that all supplies needed to be brought in from great distances .
they occur in Namibia , Chile , Southern California and Baja California .
in Canada , all lifeguards and assistant lifeguards are certified by the lifesaving society of Canada or the Canadian Red Cross .
here is a list of positions commonly found at museums : curator - curators are the intellectual drivers behind exhibits .
the exact structures and the names of rank vary considerably by country .
for Greater Directional Accuracy , lobe switching on the receiving antennas was adopted .
the electric fields are caused by collision between airborne particles and by the impacts of saltating sand grains landing on the ground .
because of this many beaches and pools prohibit diving in shallow waters or when a lifeguard is not on duty .
this means that a newly appointed constable has the same arrest powers as a chief constable or commissioner .
in the occurrence of precipitation , its intensity and distribution ; and low humidity .
honey also contains acids , which act as catalysts for caramelization .
Despite the apparent risk , the statistical incidence of injury in supervised training and competition is extremely low .
they are often preceded by severe dust storms and occur when the wind velocity increases to a point where it can lift heavier particles .
a development , with the expansion of the web , is the establishment of virtual museums and online exhibitions .
Inland body of water ( Waterfront ) - Lifeguards can also look after open water areas such as lakes , or even rivers , where swimmers may congregate .
the Raw score is multiplied by a degree of difficulty factor , derived from the number and combination of movements attempted .
higher police salaries to attract professionally qualified officers .
London was fast reaching a size unprecedented in world history , due to the onset of the industrial revolution .
with few inputs , they were at the mercy of the weather and may have lived at bare subsistence level .
as long - range bombers and missiles came into being , there was a need to have radars give early warnings at great ranges .
diving is one of the most popular Olympic Sports with spectators .
these competitions are usually designed to accommodate all school - age children .
their self - sufficient skills and knowledge were passed down through the generations by word of mouth .
radio Engineering was strong in Japan &apos;s higher education institutions , especially the imperial universities .
more than preserving the object in its present state , they seek to stabilize and repair artifacts to the condition of an earlier era .
although originally intended to be temporary until better systems were available , they remained in operation throughout the war .
beef consumption has been banned in many states of India .
Hülsmeyer also received a patent amendment for estimating the range to the ship .
when They descend on the leeward side , they warm and their capacity to hold moisture increases so an area with relatively little precipitation occurs .
the pulse length governs the accuracy of distance measurement by radar - the shorter the pulse , the greater the precision .
plants tend to be tough and wiry with small or no leaves , water - resistant cuticles and often spines to deter herbivory .
the spokesman for the group stated : &quot; we hope that this finally puts to rest the illusions people have about fingerprint biometrics .
Scrolling through a long list or menu is achieved by sliding a finger over the display from bottom to top , or vice versa to go back .
another point of variation is whether detectives have extra status .
a Museum normally houses a core collection of important selected objects in its field .
the execution judges are positioned two on each side of the pool , and they score the diver which is nearer to them .
Singapore is also known for Fusion Cuisine Combining Traditional Singaporean cuisine with Indian influences .
it also updated its front camera to five megapixels , which is good for capturing self - portraits .
it is important that lifeguards never allow their secondary responsibilities to interfere with their primary responsibilities .
an Ambient Light sensor adjusts the display brightness which saves battery power and prevents the screen from being too bright or too dark .
the user can create their own gestures and customize the layout of the assistivetouch menu .
many slang terms for police officers are decades or centuries old with lost etymology .
the process continues and the end products are either dust or sand .
generally , honey is bottled in its familiar liquid form .
should not be given to babies because of the risk of infant botulism .
fresh honey is a supersaturated liquid , containing more sugar than the water can typically dissolve at ambient temperatures .
prepared Exclusively in tribal regions , this cuisine uses oil and spices infrequently , except for pickle production and special occasions .
there was no concept of public prosecution , so victims of crime or their families had to organize and manage the prosecution themselves .
the user can reply with a message , or to set a reminder to call them back at a later time .
Scrolling is achieved by swiping a finger across the screen .
the resulting force was also known as the maréchaussée , or , formally , the constabulary and marshalcy of France .
there are four different prerequisites you need to complete before you can become a lifeguard .
these agencies include local police , County Police ( often in the form of a sheriff &apos;s office ) , state police and federal law enforcement agencies .
these appear in its shipwreck galleries , a wing of the maritime museum .
other cuisines which borrow inspiration from Indian cooking styles include Filipino , Vietnamese , Indonesian , Thai , and Burmese cuisines .
however , some divers may safely dive in higher age categories to dive on higher platforms .
other biographical museums , such as many of the American Presidential Libraries , are housed in specially constructed buildings .
in the first part of the night , as the ground radiates the heat absorbed during the day , they emerge and search for prey .
the ability to dive underwater can be a useful emergency skill , and is an important part of watersport and navy safety training .
beaches in South Africa are contracted out to independent or private companies .
these regions feature a semi - arid climate and are less extreme than regular deserts .
their own , which may be due to other ingredients it contains .
there were often impediments , however , in transferring these advancements into the military .
various types of packaged pickles are available in the market .
Atypically , Brazil &apos;s preventive police are known as military police .
Alternatively , it can join closed wi - fi networks manually .
in the second world war , the western desert campaign began in Italian Libya .
most desserts are ghee or dairy based , use nuts such as almonds , walnuts , Pistachios , cashews , and , raisins .
Indian families often gather for &quot; evening breakfast , &quot; similar to tea time to talk and have tea and snacks .
they share some characteristics of a true desert and are usually located at the edge of deserts and continental dry areas .
members may be referred to as police officers , troopers , Sheriffs , Constables , Rangers , peace officers or civic / Civil Guards .
the figures are depicted carrying baskets or gourds , and using a ladder or series of ropes to reach the wild nest .
to provide early warning of an attack , both deployed huge radar networks of increasing sophistication at ever - more remote locations .
these scholarships are usually offered to divers with age - group or club diving experience .
police forces are usually organized and funded by some level of government .
Champions from each of these events have gone on to compete at the collegiate and Olympic Levels .
the Diver with the highest total score after a sequence of dives is declared the winner .
it can also act as a recognizable point for members of the public to find lifeguard assistance .
for these reasons , the front line moved back and forth through hundreds of kilometers as each side lost and regained momentum .
contact with other cultures has affected indian dining etiquette .
to this day , this is the most widely used directional antenna worldwide .
in some cases this type of policing shares aspects with espionage .
similarly , many European museum collections often contain objects and cultural artifacts acquired through imperialism and colonization .
mobile Museum is a term applied to museums that make exhibitions from a vehicle - such as a van .
large swaths of this desert are covered in mirrors , including nine fields of solar collectors .
in Ancient Greece , honey was produced from the archaic to the hellenistic periods .
Polar deserts cover much of the ice - free areas of the arctic and Antarctic .
to distribute the conference findings to a wider audience , the proceedings were published the following month in a journal .
one pioneering way museums are attempting to make their collections more accessible is with open storage .
the third digit represents the number of half - somersaults .
honey is collected from wild bee colonies , or from hives of domesticated bees , a practice known as beekeeping .
board of trustees - the board governs the museum and is responsible for ensuring the museum is financially and ethically sound .
scores from those one meter dives contribute to the swim team &apos;s overall score .
is Complex and dynamic , varying by culture , era , and technologies ; thus the use of the word desert can cause confusion .
the exact origins of the sport are unclear , though it likely derives from the act of diving at the start of swimming races .
for example , if music is playing when a call is received , the music fades out , and fades back in when the call has ended .
Registrar - registrars are the primary record keepers of the collection .
police cars may also contain fire extinguishers or defibrillators .
the diver typically displaces a larger than usual amount of water .
this would also allow the direct determination of range to the target .
other countries , such as Austria , Chile , Israel , New Zealand , the Philippines , South Africa and Sweden , have a single national police force .
it was alleged that the file , labeled &quot; Consolidated .
applications other than those that perform sim unlocking .
the body is kept straight with the arms extended to the side , and the regular dive position is assumed at about half the dive .
some are not - for - profit while others are run as a private business .
the Keys are somewhat larger and spaced farther apart when in landscape mode , which is supported by only a limited number of applications .
their powers include power of arrest and the legitimized use of force .
Switch the infant over to the other arm face up and give five chest thrusts with two fingers .
the service color is usually dark blue and red , while the uniform color is khaki .
some cover specialized curatorial aspects of history or a particular locality ; others are more general .
Rounded Mounds of sand without a slip face are the rare dome dunes , found on the upwind edges of sand seas .
some lifeguards are crossed trained as emergency medical technicians as a part of their emergency services system .
it serves as the unit &apos;s power button , and also controls phone calls .
during a sandstorm , the wind - blown sand particles become electrically charged .
a key development was the magnetron in the UK , which allowed the creation of relatively small systems with sub - meter resolution .
many centuries later , both world wars saw fighting in the desert .
Yogurt is a common addition to meals , as a way of tempering spiciness .
the lack of vegetation exposes the unprotected surface of the ground to the processes of denudation .
in The United States , both the navy and army needed means of remotely locating enemy ships and aircraft .
the Sahara is a very large expanse of land stretching from the Atlantic Rim to Egypt .
the next year , he added a spark - gap transmitter and demonstrated the first radio communication set in Russia .
some prefects were responsible for handling investigations , much like modern police detectives .
their duties included apprehending thieves and robbers and capturing runaway slaves .
Kühnhold remained with the nva , but also consulted with Gema .
as each pulse is emitted , it is radiated over a lateral band onto the terrain .
the Fertility God of Egypt , min , was offered honey .
in The Roman Empire , the army , rather than a dedicated police organization , provided security .
prevention is an effective skill that is vitally important to a lifeguard because it can aid in maintaining the safety of the aquatic patrons .
in addition to Biographical Memorabilia of the DUKE &apos;s life , also houses his collection world - famous paintings .
mad Honey intoxication is a result of eating honey containing grayanotoxins .
as smaller computers came into being , these were quickly applied to digital signal processing using algorithms for improving radar performance .
diving is the sport of jumping or falling into water from a platform or springboard , usually while performing acrobatics .
however the size and harshness of the terrain meant that all supplies needed to be brought in from great distances .
this included undergraduate and graduate study , as well as academic research in this field .
Polar Deserts ( also seen as &quot; cold deserts &quot; ) have similar features , except the main form of precipitation is snow rather than rain .
throughout the world were identified for the anticipation of corresponding consumers .
a Museum is an institution that cares for a collection of artifacts and other objects of artistic , cultural , historical , or scientific importance .
the soft landing allowed for more elaborate gymnastic feats in midair as the jump could be made from a greater height .
search Authority during a terry stop ( Investigatory stop ) is limited to weapons only .
master S &apos; diving programs are frequently offered by college or club programs .
Automobile museums are for car fans , collectors , enthusiasts , and for families .
usually a score considers three elements of the dive : the approach , the flight , and the entry .
compact jump can be used from the side of the pool or from the lifeguard chair .
Robert Morris page was assigned by Taylor to implement young &apos;s suggestion .
for a long time , the Japanese had believed that they had the best fighting capability of any military force in the world .
also they are unable to assess any lifeguard they have trained .
the cultivation of semi - arid regions encourages erosion of soil and is one of the causes of increased desertification .
in The Republic of Ireland facilities are limited to one pool at the national aquatic centre in Dublin .
Distressed Swimmers are having trouble swimming , perhaps from fatigue , and may or may not be calling out for help .
also residing in the American Southwest are living history towns such as tombstone , Arizona .
the spread of vegetarianism in other parts of Asia is often credited to Hindu and Buddhist practices .
Rates of evapotranspiration in cold regions such as Alaska are much lower because of the lack of heat to aid in the evaporation process .
the Standard in open water surf training is the United States Lifesaving Association .
attempting to scoop the trajectory underwater against the rotation is extremely inadvisable as it can cause serious back injuries .
the rules state that the body should be vertical , or nearly so , for entry .
the Iphone can sort its media library by songs , artists , albums , videos , playlists , genres , composers , podcasts , audiobooks , and compilations .
Cell Immobilization Methods , however , proved effective for enhancing mead quality .
almost all input is given through the touch screen , which understands complex gestures using multi - touch .
honey is graded based upon a number of factors , including water content , flavor and aroma , absence of defects , and clarity .
depending on altitudinal variation , finger millet , wheat , Buckwheat , barley , vegetables , potatoes , and soybeans are grown .
many accidents also occur when divers do not account for rocks and logs in the water .
less commonly , low blood pressure , shock , heart rhythm irregularities , and convulsions may occur , with rare cases resulting in death .
lifeguards often take on this responsibility upon employment , although they can also be volunteers .
an alternative explanation is that the moving arms have precession torque on them which set the body into twisting rotation .
order in their lands , and often appointed a constable , sometimes unpaid , to enforce the law .
the use of curry leaves and roots for flavouring is typical of Gujarati and South Indian cuisine .
this included all of the then - existing information on radio - location in the USSR , available to researchers in this field throughout the world .
there was an early interest in equipment for radio direction - finding , for use in both navigation and military surveillance .
the Tilting is done by the arms , which are outstretched to the sides just before the twist .
sweet dishes are often seasoned with cardamom , Saffron , nutmeg , and Rose Petal Essences .
the research efforts in leningrad were similarly dispersed .
the ripples are ephemeral and a change in wind direction causes them to reorganise .
in third person interpretation , the interpreters openly acknowledge themselves to be a contemporary of the museum visitor .
raw honey contains some pollen and may contain small particles of wax .
also , with the antennas aimed at a low angle , there was a dead zone of some distance caused by interference from ground - level reflections .
they form downwind of copious sources of dry , loose sand and occur when topographic and climatic conditions cause airborne particles to settle .
the Honey , when poured , should form small , temporary layers that disappear fairly quickly , indicating high viscosity .
by timing the pulses on an oscilloscope , the range could be determined and the direction of the antenna revealed the angular location of the targets .
non - lethal weapons include batons , tear gas , Riot Control Agents , rubber bullets , Riot Shields , water cannons and electroshock weapons .
menu Bars are found at the top and bottom of the screen when necessary .
many divers rely on their coaches to help keep their composure during the meet .
the French policing system spread to other countries through the napoleonic wars and the French Colonial Empire .
some major oilfields such as ghawar are found under the sands of Saudi Arabia .
some museums may have exhibits on topics such as computers , Aviation , railway museums , physics , astronomy , and the animal kingdom .
phones were sold in a very large number of models , often segmented by marketing strategy , confusing customers and sapping engineering resources .
other duties associated with modern policing , such as investigating crimes , were left to the citizens themselves .
one of the early applications of digital computers was in switching the signal phase in elements of large phased - array antennas .
in Sikkim , various ethnic groups such as the nepalese , bhutias , and lepchas have their own distinct cuisines .
some real life museums are also using the internet for virtual tours and exhibitions .
centuries of trade relations and cultural exchange resulted in a significant influence on each region &apos;s cuisines .
now the usual practice is for one hand to grasp the other with palms down to strike the water with a flat surface .
many of the old classics come to life once the original owners pass away .
there may be collections of applied art , including ceramics , metalwork , furniture , artist &apos;s books , and other types of objects .
over time , various cuisines have blended with indigenous dishes , while foreign ones have been adapted to local tastes .
Indian cuisine has had considerable influence on Malaysian cooking styles and also enjoys popularity in Singapore .
the Accelerometer can also be used to control third - party apps , notably games .
the Tripuri people are the original inhabitants of the state of tripura in Northeast India .
guided access helps people with autism or other attention and sensory challenges stay focused on the task ( or app ) at hand .
these are special units that operate in kayaks and canoes in areas where motor boats would have problems .
simple weather and stock quotes applications also tap into the internet .
the Arabs were probably the first organized force to conduct successful battles in the desert .
many desert reptiles are ambush predators and often bury themselves in the sand , waiting for prey to come within range .
Sandstorms occur with much less frequency than dust storms .
like all sugar compounds , honey caramelizes if heated sufficiently , becoming darker in color , and eventually burns .
some , such as the Western Australian Museum , exhibit maritime archaeological materials .
they have few adaptations to desert life and are unable to cool themselves by sweating so they shelter during the heat of the day .
first aid - the lifeguard in training should know how to protect themselves from blood borne pathogens .
in the summer usa diving sanctions the summer nationals including all three events with both junior and senior divers .
it is the main starch ingredient used in Kerala &apos;s food .
to win dive meets , divers create a dive list in advance of the meet .
it is very common for the food to be served on a banana leaf , especially during festivals and functions .
wide - scale deployment is expected by the end of the decade in some countries such as the United States , France , and Canada .
to win the meet the diver must accumulate more points than other divers .
in this way , the interface simulates the physics of a real object .
many are in the open air , such as the agora of Athens and the Roman Forum .
it became clear that the locally maintained system of volunteer constables and &quot; Watchmen &quot; was ineffective , both in detecting and preventing crime .
most mid - size and large museums employ exhibit design staff for graphic and environmental design projects , including exhibitions .
on the one hand , radar contributed very little to theory , which was largely known since the days of Maxwell and Hertz .
for choking , the information needed is how to help an unconscious and conscious infant , child , and adult victim .
the competitive diver will attempt the highest dd dives possible with which they can achieve consistent , high scores .
one well - studied example is the specializations of mammalian kidneys shown by desert - inhabiting species .
the short wavelength and high power made it very effective at spotting submarines from the air .
Bicycle patrols are used in some areas because they allow for more open interaction with the public .
a second truck carrying the electrical generator and other equipment was backed against the transmitter truck .
this museum has also developed a &apos; museum - without - wall s &apos; through a series of underwater wreck trails .
honey Barbecue and honey mustard are other common flavors used in sauces .
these may be paid positions or entirely volunteer .
officers still have to take exams to move to the detective branch , but the move is regarded as being a specialization , rather than a promotion .
while at times juxtaposed , the alternative technique of the use of authentic objects is seen the same exhibit mentioned above .
Measurements of the electrical conductivity are used to determine the quality of honey in terms of ash content .
in recent decades , Sunflower , Safflower , cottonseed , and soybean oils have become popular across India .
many public museums make these items available for public viewing through exhibits that may be permanent or temporary .
they are also unpleasant for humans and can cause headaches and nausea .
the Global governing body of diving is fina , which also governs swimming , synchronised swimming , water polo and open water swimming .
because some applications were passing user information to third - party advertisers without permission .
this allows them maximum visibility over their supervised area and may facilitate communication between them and their team .
lifeguards who are not permanently employed by a company often find work during the holiday periods as temp lifeguards on main beaches .
high school diving and swimming concludes their season with a state competition .
police officers often carry handcuffs to restrain suspects .
the latter applies only to platform competitions , whereas the other five apply to both springboard and platform .
the Saltbush in Australia has succulent leaves and secretes salt crystals , enabling it to live in saline areas .
honey intoxication is more likely when using &quot; Natural &quot; Unprocessed honey and honey from farmers who may have a small number of hives .
police services commonly include units for investigating crimes committed by the police themselves .
they create a conceptual design and then bring it to fruition in the physical space .
traditionally , meals in India were eaten while seated either on the floor or on very low stools or cushions .
